symbol	description	name	sector	industry	employees	incorporated
ABE	ABE Resources Inc., formerly Abitex Resources Inc., is a mineral resources exploration company. The Company's exploration sites are located in the province of Quebec in Canada. It has an interest or option to acquire an interest in the properties, which include Epsilon property, St-Stephen property, Mazarin property and Valrennes property. Its Epsilon property consists of approximately 100 claims covering over 5,460 hectares and is located approximately 300 kilometers northeast of Chibougamau, Quebec. Its St-Stephen property consists of approximately 200 claims located near the town of St. Stephen in the southwest corner of New Brunswick. Its Mazarin property is located approximately 50 kilometers north of Amos in Quebec's Abitibi region. It consists of approximately 70 claims covering over 3,710 hectares. Its Valrennes property is located approximately 30 kilometers northwest of the mining town of Joutel. The property consists of approximately 30 claims covering over 1,680 hectares. 	ABE Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 7, 1997
AME	Abacus Mining & Exploration Corporation (Abacus) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. The Company operates through the mineral resource industry segment. The Company holds interest in KGHM Ajax Mining Inc. (KGHM Ajax), which is focused on the exploration and development of the Ajax copper-gold project located near Kamloops, British Columbia (the Ajax Project). The Ajax Project is a proposed copper-gold open-pit mine in the submission stage of a provincial and federal environmental assessment process. The Ajax property consists of approximately eight crown grants, including the Ajax East and West pits. The Ajax project site is located at the southern extremity of the boundaries of the City of Kamloops and southeast along an existing haul road from the Afton mill. 	Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 17, 1983
ABI	Abcourt Mines Inc. is a Canada-based mining, development and exploration company. The Company has five properties located in Canada. The Company is engaged in two mining projects categories in the advanced stage: Gold projects, and Silver, zinc and copper projects. The Gold projects properties include Elder mine property with 100% ownership and 34 contiguous claims, mining concession, treatment of gold mineralization, and Tagami property with 100% ownership and 10 claims. Silver, zinc and copper projects include Abcourt-Barvue Project with 80% Open pit and 20% underground in silver zinc mine, and Vendome project in underground copper, zinc, silver and gold mine. The Company is engaged in two advanced exploration projects: Aldermac property located near Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, Canada with resources in copper, zinc, silver and gold, and Jonpol property located near Amos, Quebec, Canada with resources in copper, zinc, silver and gold. 	Abcourt Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 10, 1995
APD.P	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
ABN	Aben Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition and exploration of mineral property interests, principally in Saskatchewan and Yukon, Canada. Its exploration and evaluation assets include Yukon Territory Claims, which include Justin Project and VF Gold Project, and Saskatchewan, Canada Claims, which include Mann Lake Property. The Company has an interest in the Justin project located in the Watson Lake District, in east-central Yukon Territory. The Justin (Sprogge) gold property consists of over 80 claims. It also has an interest in mineral claims (known as the VF Gold Project) located in the Upper Hyland River Gold Belt of the Watson Lake Mining District, Yukon Territory. The Company holds a claim block by way of staking approximately 3,470 hectares, in the eastern central part of the Athabasca Basin in northern Saskatchewan (the Mann Lake Property). 	Aben Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	September 30, 1982
ABU	Abenteuer Resources Corp. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is engaged primarily in exploration for, and production of, petroleum. The Company operates through the segment of acquisition, production, exploration and development of oil properties. The Company is focused on the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin, specifically southeastern Saskatchewan. The Company's oil property includes West Kingsford, Saskatchewan. The Company has working interests in approximately six wells in southeastern Saskatchewan at Kingsford, which include Kingsford 141/08-13-004-07 W2M, Kingsford 91/06 HZ 1D08-13-1D06-18-04-06 W2M, Kingsford 92/07 HZ 2C5-18-1D7-13-04-07 W2M, Kingsford 4D8-14/2A11-13-004-07 W2, Kingsford 4A1-27/03-27-004-07 W2 and Steelman 191/07-18-004-06W2. The Company is also evaluating additional resource projects in Canada and internationally. 	Abenteuer Resources Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 20, 2000
RZZ	Abitibi Royalties Inc., together with its various subsidiaries, is involved in initial grassroots exploration projects. The Company operates through exploration and evaluation of mineral resources segment. The Company's properties include Canadian Malartic property, and Luc Bourdon and Bourdon West prospects. The Canadian Malartic property is located on a single claim just to the south of the Canadian Malartic main pit and covers the Charlie Zones and the Eastern portion of the Gouldie Zone. The Luc Bourdon and Bourdon West prospect is located in the Lowland region of James Bay Ontario. The Company also holds interest in Odyssey North Zone, Barnat Extension and the Jeffrey Zone, and Gouldie deposit and Charlie Zone. The Jeffrey Zone is a separate deposit located on the east of the main Canadian Malartic open pit. The Gouldie deposit is located over 300 meters south of the main Canadian Malartic open pit. The Charlie Zone is located approximately 100 meters northeast of Gouldie. 	Abitibi Royalties Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 18, 2010
APO	Acasti Pharma Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing, clinically studying and marketing new pharmaceutical products to treat human cardiovascular conditions. The Company is involved in the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical applications of its licensed rights for cardiovascular diseases. The Company's prescription drug candidate is CaPre, which is being developed for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia and eventually mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia. The Company's ONEMIA has a natural health product status in Canada, and it is commercialized as a medical food in the United States. Onemia is a purified omega-3 phospholipids concentrate derived from krill oil with lower levels of phospholipids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) content than CaPre. 	Acasti Pharma Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	11	February 6, 2002
AXE	Acceleware Ltd. (Acceleware) is a Canada-based oil and gas technology development company. The Company is engaged in the development and marketing of special purpose software accelerators used to reduce engineering design simulation and data processing run times. The Company also provides software development consulting services and training programs in the field of high performance computing (HPC). Acceleware provides seismic imaging software that enables oil and gas companies to find hydrocarbons in geological formations. In addition to off-the-shelf software, Acceleware offers customized geoscientific software and custom HPC software development services for oil and gas customers. In addition to geoscience software, Acceleware is engaged in developing technology to utilize radio frequency (RF) electro-magnetic energy to heat heavy oil and oil sands deposits to facilitate extraction. Acceleware's software products utilize a range of parallel computing hardware platforms. 	Acceleware Ltd	Technology	Software	21	April 26, 2011
AKR	Ackroo Inc. (Ackroo) develops and sells an online loyalty and rewards platform that enables businesses to design and execute customer transaction, engagement and retention strategies. The Company's operations are focused on selling its cloud-based gift card and loyalty platform into the retail and hospitality markets across North America with a focus on supporting the small to medium size business segments. Through this focus, Ackroo has developed a solution for all merchants. The Company's Ackroo Anywhere platform provides merchants with approximately three interfaces for their business: real time in-store and online point-of-sale integration to allow merchants to authorize and process transactions; a self-serve program console to help them view critical data for reconciliation, reporting and marketing purposes while also allowing them to manage and modify their program, and a customer interface to allow consumers to register, check, transfer and reload balances. 	Ackroo Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	May 16, 2000
ACL	ACL International Ltd. is an oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company's operations are concentrated on the Indonesian North Sumatra basin. It has operations in Langsa TAC and South Block A. The Company has approximately 50% interest in the Langsa TAC concession, which is located offshore North Sumatra, Indonesia. The Langsa field is an offshore, approximately 80 square kilometers, concession in around 300 feet of water depth. The Company has approximately 40% working interest in a production sharing contract (PSC) in the onshore block, South Block A. The South Block A is located in Aceh Province, North Sumatra, Indonesia. The South Block A consists of over 1,500 kilometers of exploration acreage and includes two dimensional (2D) and three dimensional (3D) seismic. The Company's subsidiaries include 1275925 Alberta Inc., Addison America Partnership, Addison York Insurance Brokers Ltd., Addison Bay Insurance Brokers Ltd. and American Edge Insurance Services Ltd. 	ACL International Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	61	February 28, 1999
ARI	Acme Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and advancement of Canadian mineral properties in British Columbia, Saskatchewan and the Yukon Territory. The Company has been focusing on identifying exploration opportunities and joint ventures for its properties. The Company does not own any operating mines and has no operating income and sales from mineral production. 	Acme Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 10, 1978
AT	AcuityAds Holdings Inc., formerly Wildlaw Capital CPC 2 Inc., is the parent company of AcuityAds Inc. (Acuity). Acuity is a technology company, which provides targeted digital media solutions, enabling advertisers to connect with their audiences across online display, video, social and mobile campaigns. Acuity offers a Programmatic Marketing Platform to connect digital advertisers to consumers across advertising channels. The Programmatic Marketing Platform includes Acuity's machine learning technology that uses Big Data. Acuity's Programmatic Marketing Platform allows advertisers to manage their purchasing of digital advertising in real-time using real-time bidding (RTB). Acuity's customers include both large Fortune 500 enterprises and small to mid-sized businesses. It offers managed services, whereby Acuity provides complete execution of a digital advertising campaign for advertising agencies and/or brands. It has operations in Canada, the United States and international. 	AcuityAds Holdings Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 28, 2011
ADZ	Adamera Minerals Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company operates through the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties segment. The Company is in the process of exploring its mineral properties and has not yet determined whether these properties contain ore reserves that are economically recoverable. The Company conducts its business in the operating segment of acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. Its principal properties are located in Washington State, the United States. It also holds properties in northern Canada throughout Nunavut (NU) and the Northwest Territories (NWT). The Company acquires properties directly by staking, through option agreements with prospectors or other exploration companies, and through reconnaissance programs. Its exploration projects are related to exploration for gold and other precious metals in British Columbia, Canada. The Company has not generated any revenues from the exploration activities on its properties. 	Adamera Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 7, 2013
ACK	Active Growth Capital Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties primarily in Canada. The Company operates through the operating segment, which is being the sector of exploration and evaluation of mineral resources in Canada. The Company's Portage-du-Fort property consists of over two contiguous map-designated mineral claims (31F/10) covering a total area of approximately 120.39 hectares, situated over 1.5 kilometers northeast of the village of Portage-du-Fort, approximately 75 kilometers northwest of the city of Ottawa in the southwest corner of the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. The Portage-du-Fort property lies on the eastern shore of the Ottawa River, in proximity to the QuebecOntario border. It has a joint venture agreement to own a group of claims located on muscovite mines, located in the Province of Quebec (the Muscov Project). 	Active Growth Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 28, 2012
ADE	Adex Mining Inc. is a mining company. The Company holds subsurface mineral rights to approximately 1,600 hectares encompassing the Mount Pleasant mine area of New Brunswick, Canada (Mount Pleasant) where the Company is developing a polymetallic mine focusing on tin, indium, zinc, molybdenum and tungsten. Mount Pleasant is located approximately 60 kilometers south of Fredericton, approximately 100 kilometers northwest of deep seaport facilities located at Saint John. Within the mineral rights area the Company owns over 400 hectares of land and buildings, machinery and equipment on site. Also within the mineral rights area there are over two distinct poly-metallic mineral deposits, the Fire Tower Zone (FTZ) and the North Zone (NZ). The principal metals include tungsten and molybdenum in the FTZ and tin, indium and zinc in the NZ. The claims are held under Prospecting License 14338 by Adex Minerals Corp., a subsidiary of the Company. 	Adex Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 31, 1992
AAD	Added Capital Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the merchant banking business. The Company carries on the business of mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, proxy solicitations and merchant banking. The Company's corporate client base consists of small cap mining, technology and special situation companies. The Company is involved in acting as a financial advisor either for companies or for shareholders in dealing with catalytic investments. The Company is active in the mergers and acquisitions advisory business with a number of mergers and acquisitions engagements with small capital companies. Northern Securities Inc. (Northern Securities) is a subsidiary of the Company. 	Added Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	67	September 29, 1982
ADL	Adira Energy Ltd. (Adira) is an oil and gas exploration company. The Company is focused on early-stage exploration in the State of Israel. The Company, through its subsidiary, Adira Energy Israel Ltd. (Adira Israel), holds interests in the Yam Hadera License No 383, offshore (the Yam Hadera License), located approximately 30 kilometers offshore Israel, between Hadera and Haifa, and North West of the Yitzhak license. The Company has an option to hold interests in approximately two licenses, such as the Myra License and the Sara License. The Company does not have any oil and gas reserves, and does not produce any oil or gas. The Company held interests in approximately two Israeli offshore petroleum licenses, including the Gabriella License No. 378 and the Yitzhak License No. 380. Adira has not generated any revenues. 	Adira Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 27, 2008
ADI	Adriana Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the investment of Lac Otelnuk Mining Ltd. (LOM) to develop the Lac Otelnuk Project in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. The Company's principal holding is the investment in a joint venture company, LOM, with a subsidiary of WISCO International Resources Development & Investment Limited (WISCO). The Lac Otelnuk Project is a Lake Superior-type taconite deposit located approximately 160 kilometers northwest of Schefferville, in the Nunavik region of Quebec, and consists of over 790 mineral claims totaling approximately 530 square kilometers. The December Lake Property is located approximately 60 kilometers from the Lac Otelnuk Property. The Company held interest in the Land through a Canadian subsidiary, Brazore Resources Inc. The Company has not generated any revenues from its operations. 	Adriana Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	--	May 21, 2002
AAX	Advance Gold Corp. (Advance Gold) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the evaluation and exploration of mineral property interests. It has interests in Kenya, East Africa. Advance Gold does not own or have an interest in any producing resource properties. The Company has not yet derived any revenues from the sale of resource products. 	Advance Gold Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 28, 2004
AQS	Aequus Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products. The Company operates through the segment of sales and marketing of pharmaceutical drugs developed by the Company or by its collaborative partners. Its products include tacrolimus immediate releaser, which is an immunosuppressive therapy used for the treatment and prevention of acute rejection following organ transplantation; Vistitan, which is a ophthalmology product; Topiramate extended-release (XR), which is a once-daily topiramate product designed for patient compliance, and Oxcarbazepine XR, which is a once-daily oxcarbazepine product. Its development-stage pipeline includes various products in neurology and psychiatry. Its lead development-stage product candidate is AQS-1301. In addition, the Company is developing a pipeline of other central nervous system product candidates. It has over two preclinical-stage programs and a clinical-stage program in development. 	Aequus Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	January 3, 2013
APC	Advanced Proteome Therapeutics Corporation through the operations of its subsidiary, Advanced Proteome Therapeutics Inc. (APTI), is a biotechnology company. The Company develops and commercializes a technology platform that is intended for the chemical modification of protein therapeutics. Its technology is applicable in the areas of therapeutics and diagnostics, protein drugs, and personalized medicine and is being applied to cancer therapeutics. It is focused on protein conjugates and immunomodulation. APTI's technology uses techniques to modify therapeutic proteins. APTI uses protein modification technologies intended to produce human protein drugs and other protein products. APTI is applying a platform technology that modifies proteins at a single site and attaches entities to their surfaces to produce homogeneous protein drugs. The platform is designed to exploit proteins that bind to cells that are stressed or certain cancer cells that express specific patches on their surfaces. 	Advanced Proteome Therapeutics Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	
AWI	Advent Wireless Inc. (Advent), together with its subsidiaries, is an independent specialty retailer of personal wireless and wireline communication products and services. The Company operates through the segment of providing personal communications products and services to consumers in Canada. The Company subsidiaries include Am-Call Wireless Inc. (AmCall), Advent Marketing Inc. and 1013929 BC Ltd. Am-Call is a dealer of Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers) and Fido Solutions Inc. (Fido). Advent Marketing Inc. sells cellular and wireless products, services and accessories a network of over 10 stores in Canada. The Company carries a line of Rogers and Fido products and services, including wireless voice and data, high speed Internet, digital cable television, home phone, Smart Home Monitoring and Rogers Bank Mastercard. The Company also operates over 10 Rogers and approximately five Fido stores. 	Advent Wireless Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	February 14, 1984
AFE	Africa Energy Corp. (Africa Energy), formerly Horn Petroleum Corporation, is a Canada-based exploration-stage international oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company focuses on the BLOCK 2B in South Africa. Block 2B covers approximately 4,360 square kilometers of the South African Western offshore approximately 300 kilometers north of Cape Town. Block 2B is an under explored, shallow water area off the west coast of South Africa containing a proven hydrocarbon-bearing rift basin. 	Africa Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	September 19, 2011
AFR	African Metals Corporation is an exploration-stage company. The Companys principal business activities are the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Company holds a 75% interest in the Luisha project which consists of 20 parcels of land located northwest of Lubumbashi, the capital of Katanga province, Democratic Republic of Congo. The Companys subsidiaries include Chevalier Resources Inc, Kundelungu Mineral Resources Sprl, Luisha Mining Enterprises Sprl, African Metals Holdings (BVI) Ltd. and African Metals Resources (BVI) Ltd. 	African Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 4, 2005
AGG	African Gold Group, Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the business of exploring, evaluating and developing natural resource projects. The Company's segment is the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal mineral resources properties located in Ghana and Mali. Through its subsidiaries, the Company controls exploration concessions covering segments of mineralized belts in regions of Ghana and Mali, West Africa. The Company's gold projects include the Kobada Gold Project (the Project) in Mali, and the Nyankumasi and Asankrangwa exploration tenements in Ghana, West Africa. The Asankrangwa Holdings in Africa comprise the Twedee, Moseaso, Tropical and Manso Atwere licenses. Its concessions in Mali cover approximately 140 square kilometers under a mining license, and approximately 80 square kilometers held under an exploration license. 	African Gold Group Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 2, 2002
AQ	African Queen Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based exploratory resource company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration, and development of gold and other metal resources in Canada. The Company's segments include Canada, Kenya, Mozambique and Other. The Company is exploring an area in Canada for gold and metals. The Company focuses on development of its Yellowjacket Gold Project in Atlin, British Columbia, which covers an aggregate of approximately 80 square kilometers. The Yellowjacket Gold Project includes approximately 30 mineral claims. The Company's Rongo Gold Field project is in the Kanango gold mining area of the Migori District of Nyanza Province in Southwest Kenya near Lake Victoria. The Company's Ugunja Gold Project is situated north of Lake Victoria in Western Kenya. The Ugunja Gold Project covers an area of approximately 630 square kilometers in the Busia, Siaya and Kakamega areas. 	African Queen Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 30, 2008
AGV	Agave Silver Corp. (Agave) is a junior resource company engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in North America. The Company focuses on exploration and development of Silver-Nickel-Copper properties. The Company maintains an early stage exploration property in Canada. The Company owns Kaslo Silver Property (Kaslo), which covers an area of approximately 4,000 hectares (Ha). The Kaslo property is a silver target and hosts over 10 silver mineralized zones. The property is located approximately 10 kilometers west of Kaslo in southern British Columbia. The Kaslo Silver Property consists of over nine former high-grade silver-lead-zinc mines located in south-eastern British Columbia. The property consists of approximately seven modified grid claims, 13 crown grants, eight reverted crown grants, 37 two-post claims and one mining lease of three units, for a total of over 160 units. 	Agave Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6	October 12, 1966
AHI	Agility Health, Inc., formerly Thornapple Capital, Inc., is a healthcare provider for the rehabilitation of the patients' physical injuries and conditions. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, is principally engaged in the delivery of rehabilitation services through contracts with healthcare providers and employers and through its clinics. The Company's segments include Hospital Contract Services, which supplies contracted therapy services to various hospitals; Long-Term Care Contract Services, which supplies contracted therapy services to long-term care facilities and other similar facilities; Outpatient Services, which supplies outpatient therapy services at freestanding clinics, and Industrial Rehabilitation, which supplies contracted preventative rehabilitation services to industrial customers. The Company also provides a range of additional ancillary services related to physical rehabilitation, including practice management software systems and custom orthotics. 	Agility Health Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 6, 2010
ANO	AgriMinco Corp. (AgriMinco) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of agricultural mineral projects and renewable energy solutions throughout Africa. The Company has two project areas in Togo: Bassar project area and southern Togo project area. The Bassar project is a phosphate exploration project located in the Dahomeyides mobile belt of northern Togo. The Bassar project is a phosphate exploration project located in the Dahomeyides mobile belt of northern Togo and consists of approximately 291 square kilometers (km2). AgriMinco holds three permissions in the southern coastal region of Maritime province. The Southern Togo project area consists of exploration permits which contain separate occurrences of phosphates and clays, and consists of approximately 344 km2. The clay deposit is called the DagbatiWatchidome attaplugite-smectite deposit. The southern Togo project includes Kpeteme, Djakpata and Kpedji project areas. 	AgriMinco Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	July 12, 2010
AGL	Aguila American Gold Limited is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of its mineral interests in Peru. The Company's Angostura Property covers approximately 8,000 hectares (ha). It consists of the Delicia Concession and approximately 15 staked exploration concessions located in the Department of Apurimac, Province of Grau, District of Curpahuasi, Peru. Its Angostura Property has approximately two claims, which cover the main portion of the Angostura Gold Prospect. The project is located approximately 430 kilometers southeast of Lima and approximately 180 kilometers southwest of the city of Cuzco. The Company's subsidiaries include Aguila American Resources Limited S.A. and Kori Trader S.A.C. (Kori Trader). The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Aguila American Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 14, 2008
IQ	AirIQ Inc. offers a suite of asset management services that generate recurring revenues from each device deployed. The Company develops its asset management system using software, digitized mapping, wireless communications, the Internet and the Global Positioning System (GPS). The Company provides vehicle owners with the ability to monitor, manage and protect their mobile assets. Its services include instant vehicle locating, boundary notification, automated inventory reports, maintenance reminders, security alerts and vehicle disabling and unauthorized movement alerts. The Company's products include GSM2203, GSM2418 and Plug and Track Device. These devices provide the user with information and control messages to and from the asset via AirIQ's Online system. The Company also offers RentalIQ, which is an economical GPS location based service. RentalIQ provides automated and on-demand location and activity information that enables fleet owners to make informed business decisions. 	AirIQ Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	28	January 1, 2003
ALP	Alabama Graphite Corp. is in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing graphite mineral properties. The Company is engaged in exploration and evaluation of the graphite properties in Alabama, the United States. Its properties include Coosa Property, Chestnut Creek Property, Bama Property and Hearst Property. Its Coosa Property is located in Coosa County, Alabama, approximately 60 miles south-southeast of Birmingham and consists of approximately 41,530 acres. Its Chestnut Creek Property is located in Chilton County, Alabama and consists of approximately 1,160 acres located over four miles west of the Coosa County line and approximately 25 miles from its Coosa Graphite Project. Its Bama Property is located in Chilton County, Alabama. Its Bama Property consists of approximately 200 acres located over four miles west of the Coosa County line. The Company has interest in the Hearst Property, consisting of approximately 20 claims in Northern Ontario, Canada. 	Alabama Graphite Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 2006
AOS	Alberta Oilsands Inc. and its subsidiaries are involved in the exploration and development of resource properties in Western Canada and Africa. The Company has business activities in Alberta, Canada, as well as in Namibia, Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia in Africa. It holds approximately 110 bitumen leases in the Athabasca oil sands region of northeast Alberta. It has oil sands leases at over four properties, including Clearwater Project, Grand Rapids, Algar Lake and Mackay in the Athabasca oil sands region of northeast Alberta. The Clearwater property covers over 30 sections (approximately 20,480 hectares). The MacKay River property consists of over five sections (approximately 3,200 acres). Its Grand Rapids prospect consists of over 20 sections (approximately 4,610 hectares). The Algar Lake Prospect consists of over 50 sections (approximately 13,210 hectares). The Company's international projects include Namibia Project and Democratic Republic of the Congo Project. 	Alberta Oilsands Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	8	June 21, 2010
AKH	Alaska Hydro Corporation is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the development of renewable energy projects focused primarily on hydroelectric power generation for resource development in northern climates. The Company is working to develop the More Creek Hydroelectric Project, which is located approximately 10 kilometers from British Columbia Hydro Northwest Transmission line substation at Bob Quinn Lake on Highway 37. The Company's More Creek Hydroelectric Project generates approximately 310 gigawatt hours of energy annually. The Company is also seeking to arrange power purchase agreements and to develop industry related partnerships on ownership and construction. 	Alaska Hydro Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	October 16, 2006
ALD	Aldever Resources Inc., formerly Glenmark Capital Corp., is a junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral interests. Its Scotia Zn-Ag Project covers an area of approximately 4,040 hectares in the Skeena Mining Division, approximately 40 kilometers southeast of Prince Rupert in west central British Columbia, Canada. Its uranium exploration projects include Key Lake Project, Ford Lake Project, Gulch Mine and Patterson North East Project. The Ford Lake Uranium Project covers an area of approximately 6,360 hectares, over 10 kilometers northwest of the Key Lake Mine. The Gulch Mine Uranium Project covers an area of approximately 3,010 hectares at the eastern shores of Athabasca Lake. The Patterson North East Project covers an area of approximately 7,750 hectares. Its gold exploration projects include Urban Barry Project, Lac Villebon Gold Project and Margurete Gold Project. It has not generated any revenues. 	Aldever Resources Inc.	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 1992
AGM	Aldridge Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Turkey. The Company's segments are Corporate and Turkey. The Company focuses on the Yenipazar Project, which is a polymetallic volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) body that hosts a gold-silver-copper-lead-zinc mineral deposit in central Turkey. The Company's Yenipazar Property covers an area of approximately 100 square kilometers, and is located at the geographic center of Turkey, approximately 290 kilometers east-southeast of Ankara, the capital city. The Company advanced the Yenipazar Project, including land acquisition, project financing and engineering. The Company agreed to assign approximately six exploration licenses prospective for nickel and chromite to Kenz Mining Inc. (Kenz) pursuant to an assignment agreement that required Kenz to pay the Company certain amounts at fixed intervals. 	Aldridge Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 27, 2013
ALN	Aldrin Resource Corp. is a Canada-based uranium exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. The Company's exploration project is Triple M Uranium Property, which is located in the Athabasca Basin region of northern Saskatchewan, near Patterson Lake. Its property consists of approximately six claim blocks totaling approximately 12,001 hectares, which is adjacent to Fission Energy/Alpha Minerals Inc. uranium discovery at Patterson Lake. Its Triple M Property is approximately nine kilometers south to approximately 11 kilometers west of Fission Uranium's new resource. Its Key Lake Property is located in the southeastern Athabasca Basin region, Saskatchewan Lake. Its Upper Maybelle River Uranium Property is located in the southwest margin region of the Athabasca Basin and covers approximately 10,000 hectares in the upper Maybelle River drainage in Sasakatchewan along the Alberta provincial border. 	Aldrin Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 14, 2005
AZX	Alexandria Minerals Corporation is a Canadabased junior gold exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in Canada. The Cadillac Break Property consists of 21 contiguous projects, consisting of 662 claims, located in Bourlamaque, Louvincourt and Vaquelin Townships in the Val Dor Mining District, Quebec. The Company holds 100% interest in all these properties. The 21 properties are grouped as: Akasaba group, Orenada group and Sleepy group. The Siscoe East Property, located in Dubuisson Township near Val D'Or, Quebec, which consists a total of 110 claims. The Companys other Quebec Properties include Matachewan property, which is located in Cairo and Flavelle Townships, near Matachewan, Ontario; Caramax property , and Gwillim, which is located in Barlow Township, Chibougamou Mining District, Quebec. 	Alexandria Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 27, 2002
ALG	Algold Resources Ltd., formerly Kanosak Capital Venture Corporation, is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of African mineral properties. Its subsidiaries are Algold Mauritania SARL and Societe Mauritanienne d'Exploration (SME). It has two properties in Mauritania and two strategic properties in Burkina Faso. It owns a 100% of the rights, titles and interests in approximately 64 claims in the copper, gold and silver prospects at Lac Yasinski, Quebec. SME has the right to prospect and develop the Kneivissat license, approximately 830 square kilometers property in proximity to the Tasiast mine in northwestern Mauritania. The Legouessi property is located approximately 40 kilometers north of the Tasiast mine and straddles the Company's Kneivissat exploration license to the west. The Company owns 100% of f LMZ GOLD Burkina SARL and its three properties, Dianvour, Ouaraba and Gabou, which are located in Burkina Faso. 	Algold Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 23, 2011
ANZ	Alianza Minerals Ltd., formerly Tarsis Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company has interests in mineral exploration projects located in Nayarit, Mexico, Nevada, the United States of America, the Yukon Territory, Canada and Peru. Its properties are in exploration-stage. Its properties include Peruvian Properties, such as Yanac Property, ISY Property and La Estrella Property; Mexico Properties; Nevada Properties, such as BP Property, East Walker Property, Fri Gold, Horsethief, Bellview and Columbia, and the Yukon Territory Properties, such as White River Property and MOR Property. The East Walker Property is located in Lyon County, west of Hawthorne, Nevada. The property consists of over 10 claims totaling approximately 270 acres. The ISY Property is a 3,100-hectare gold-silver exploration project located in the Ayacucho Department of Southern Peru. 	Alianza Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 21, 2005
ALW	All in West! Capital Corporation is a Canada-based company. The Company and its subsidiaries own and operate hotels. The Company owns three hotel properties: Phase I of the Days Hotel & Suites located in Grande Cache, Alberta; Phase II of the Days Hotel & Suites located in Grande Cache, Alberta, and the Econo Lodge Inn & Suites located in Hinton, Alberta. The Company's hotels are located in regions of Alberta that are involved with natural gas and oil exploration and drilling. The features and amenities provided by the Company's hotels include business services, dry cleaning and laundry, fitness center, restaurant on-site, Internet, among others. 	All In West! Capital Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	August 16, 2005
ALM	Alliance Mining Corporation is a development-stage company. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company holds mineral claims located in Arizona, the United States. Alliance Mining Inc. is the subsidiary of the Company. 	Alliance Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 3, 2002
AIX	Alix Resources Corporation (Alix) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets in the United States, Mexico and Canada. Its properties include Electra Property, which covers approximately 22,620 hectares; Sheslay Hackett North, which is located in the Sheslay Valley district of northwest British Columbia; Sheslay Hackett Crown; Golden Zone Property; Jackpot Lithium Property, which is located approximately 140 kilometers (kms) North-northeast (NNE) of Thunder Bay, Ontario; Fish Lake Lithium Brine Property, which is located approximately 250 kms South-southeast (SSE) of Reno, Nevada; Cougar Property; Sheslay Kalt Property, and Preissac-Lacorne Lithium Portfolio, which consists of approximately 140 claims, covering over 6,290 hectares situated within the La Motte, La Corne, Preissac, Figuery and Landrienne townships, and Gran 2 property. 	Alix Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 4, 2007
APA	AlliancePharma Inc is a Canada-based company, which offers services in the pharmaceutical industry in Quebec. The Company offers its customers a pharmacist-consultant service to support them in optimizing their management of pharmacy operations. The Company offers a range of programs, such as Container-content verification delegation (CCVD), including evaluation of the procedures and upgrade, writing of various policies and procedures, and implementation of CCVD in pharmacy; Professional services and care plans, including phone meeting with the pharmacist in charge to target the needs and objectives of the work team, and team work support service to develop a therapy monitoring program for inobservance situations and for the targeted health problem; Optimization of laboratory operations, including recommendations and implementation of an action plan, writing of a report to facilitate monitoring, and checklist for the staff, records and forms supplied, and Inventory management. 	AlliancePharma Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	March 6, 2008
AHP	Allied Hotel Properties Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the ownership, management and development of hotels and real estate in Canada. The Company's business activities include hotel and real estate acquisition, holding, development and management. The Company owns and operates the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites hotel, which is located in Toronto, Ontario (the Toronto Hotel Property). The Toronto Hotel Property consists of approximately 350 rooms. The Company subdivided the hotel lands to permit the development of a condominium tower and seniors' residence on the site, with the Company being a partner in the development of the condominium tower. The Company's properties are situated in the urban markets. 	Allied Hotel Properties Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	113	June 16, 2009
AVT	Alloycorp Mining Inc., formerly Avanti Mining Inc., is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company, through its subsidiary, Avanti Kitsault Mine Ltd., owns the Avanti Kitsault Project, which is a former molybdenum producing property located in the Skeena Mining District of British Columbia, Canada. The Avanti Kitsault Project is located approximately 140 kilometers north of Prince Rupert, British Columbia and adjacent to tide water Alice Arm in the Skeena Mining Division. The Company operates in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties segment. The Company focuses in acquisition of assets with commodities that supply the steel alloys industry in parallel to development of the Avanti Kitsault Project. 	Alloycorp Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	February 2, 2006
AMZ	nul	Almadex Minerals Ltd			--	
AII	Almonty Industries Inc. is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of, and the mining, processing and shipping of tungsten concentrate. The Company operates through four segments: Los Santos, Wolfram Camp, Valtreixal and Woulfe. The Los Santos Mine is located in Spain. Its operations are related to the exploration and mining of tungsten, which the Company sells as tungsten concentrate. The Wolfram Camp is located in Queensland, Australia. Its operations are related to the exploration and mining of tungsten and molybdenum, which the Company sells as tungsten concentrate and molybdenum concentrate. The Valtreixal project is located in Spain. Its operations are related to the exploration and evaluation activities related to the Valtreixal tin/tungsten project. Woulfe is engaged in evaluating the Sangdong tungsten mine located in Gangwon Province, Republic of Korea. Its Panasqueira tungsten mine is located in Covilha, Castelo Branco, Portugal. 	Almonty Industries Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 27, 2012
AAP	Alpha Peak Leisure Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in developing and operating Swallow Gully Scenic Area (Swallow Gully), a tourist attraction site. The Company's Swallow Gully is located in Sichuan Province, the People's Republic of China (the PRC). The Company's subsidiaries include Gonga Terraferma Limited (Gonga) and Merit Sign Investments Limited. Gonga's operations consist of the construction services under a service concession arrangement, admission ticket sales and attraction ticket sales. Merit Sign Investments Limited is engaged in providing management services to the Company. 	Alpha Peak Leisure Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 24, 2011
ALQ	ALQ Gold Corporation is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in Canada. The Company is focused on the Lustdust Property located in the Omineca Mining Division of British Columbia. Its Lustdust Property consists of approximately 20 contiguous, mineral claim tenures totaling over 9,580 hectares. The Lustdust Property contains approximately 12 known mineralized areas, including the Copper-Gold Canyon Creek Skarn Deposit and North Skarn; the Glover Stock with Porphyry Molybdenum; the Number one, two and three, 4B, East and GD zones of base and precious metal rich sulfide manto; the Bralorne Takla Mercury Mine; the exploratory tunnels of the Takla Silver Mine (BCMINFILE 093N009), which is a developed prospect that contains high grade gold-silver veins, and Carlin-style mineralization in the Valley zone. 	ALQ Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 25, 1985
AFM	Alphamin Resources Corp. is engaged in the business of locating, acquiring, exploring and, if warranted, evaluating mineral properties. The Company's exploration efforts are focused on tin exploration, development and production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Company is in the process of conducting exploration activities on its resource properties. The Company's Bisie Tin Project, 100% owned by the Company through its subsidiary Mining and Processing, Congo, Sarl is a tin deposit located within the Walikale District approximately 180 kilometer west-northwest of the regional center of Goma. The two main target areas, Mpama North and Mpama South are located along 1.5 kilometer of the Mpama ridge, which extends over more than 14 kilometer. The Company's subsidiaries, Mining and Processing, Congo, Sarl, and Alphamin Congo Sarl are engaged in mineral exploration. Its subsidiaries, Alphamin Holdings (BVI) Ltd and Alphamin Resources (BVI) Ltd, are holding companies. 	Alphamin Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 12, 1981
NPA	Alphinat Inc. (Alphinat) is a Canada-based company, which provides online self-service tools and workspaces. The Company develops and markets software products that allow for the implementation of self service solutions and Web-based work space thereby facilitating all dealings between the organization and its clients, partners, suppliers, employees and shareholders. It operates in four markets: public sector, telecommunications, healthcare sector and financial institutions. Its product, SmartGuide is a Web-based development platform that allows business users to manage the business content and logic of an application through drag and drop tools. SmartGuide offers an array of point-and-click features that other solutions require developers to code, making applications easier to build, test and maintain. SmartGuide is suited for customer self-service, electronic forms, knowledge bases, guided selling, diagnostic tools, life event based applications and education or training. 	Alphinat Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	September 13, 2005
ION	Alset Energy Corp., formerly Benton Capital Corp., is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of mineral deposits in Canada. It is in the early exploration-stage with respect to its property. Its property portfolio consists of the Goodchild copper-nickel property focusing on base metals and platinum group metals. It consists of approximately 210 claim units located approximately 10 kilometers north of the town of Marathon, Ontario. The Goodchild copper-nickel property covers airborne magnetic anomaly measuring approximately five kilometers by eight kilometers and represents the Goodchild ultramafic intrusion. It has completed an approximately 957 line kilometers airborne versatile time domain electromagnetic survey, geological mapping, prospecting and ground geophysics to help diamond drill targets. It holds interest in over 30 units in approximately two claims at its Wisa Lake Lithium project located over 80 kilometers east of Fort Frances, Ontario. 	Alset Energy Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 10, 2003
AHS	Alta Natural Herbs & Supplements Ltd. is a dietary supplements and neutraceuticals company. The Company is a manufacturer and converter of dietary supplements and neutraceuticals (herbal, botanical and marine-based) for the natural healthcare products industry. It develops and manufactures a range of dietary supplements and neutraceuticals for the supplement industry. It is a contract manufacturer/converter of raw material powders, with all conversion, from powders to capsules to bottling and packaging. Its raw material powders are encapsulated in hard gelatin or vegetarian capsules. It engages in the contract manufacturing of dietary supplements for a range of customers ranging from naturopathic practitioners to chains. It operates a Cafe, which serves health meals, drinks, function foods and supplies nutrition supplements. It has operations in both Canada and the United States. It produces and distributes various dietary supplements into Hong Kong, South Korea, Germany and Italy. 	Alta Natural Herbs & Supplements Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	May 16, 1998
ATI	Altai Resources Inc. (Altai) is a junior natural resource exploration and development company. The Company has approximately three natural resource properties in Canada, over two of the properties, both in Quebec, are still in exploration-stage. The Company's properties include Malartic gold property, Sorel-Trois Rivieres natural gas property and Cessford oil property. The Company owns an interest in Malartic gold property (named Blackcliff gold property by property joint-venture partner and operator, Globex Mining Enterprises Inc.), which consists of approximately three mining claims totaling approximately 120 hectares (approximately 300 acres) in Quebec. The Company's Sorel-Trois Rivieres natural gas property holds interest in approximately five oil and gas and reservoir exploration permits. The Company's cessford oil property owns an working interest in approximately 240 acres of Alberta Crown leases in the Cessford area of central Alberta. 	Altai Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 25, 1955
ANE	Altan Nevada Minerals Limited is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets in Nevada. It operates in the exploration of exploration and evaluation assets business segment. It is focused on the discovery of ore systems in under-explored regions of Nevada. It holds over eight exploration projects in Nevada, approximately seven of which are self-staked, covering over 37,070 acres approximately 1,830 mining claims. Its projects include Montelle Gold Project, Radar Gold-Silver Project and Venus project. Radar Gold-Silver Project is a gold-silver conceptual exploration target located in Mineral County, western Nevada. Its Venus project consists of copper-iron (Au, Ag) skarns and copper porphyry intrusions in the Pumpkin Hollow area, Yerington District, western Nevada. The Montelle project is a vein system or stockwork copper-gold zone in Yerington stage granodiorite. 	Altan Nevada Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
AVX	Altair Resources Inc, formerly Altair Gold Inc, is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, developing and exploiting natural resource properties in British Columbia, Canada. The Company has the right to acquire around 75% interest in the Kena gold project located near the town of Nelson in southern British Columbia. The Kena Property consists of around 152 claim units for a total of approximately 7,609 hectares and covers approximately 8,000 meters of strike length on a district scale gold and gold-copper system. The Company has no revenue generating operations. The Company's subsidiaries include Minera Altair, S.A. de C.V. (Minera Altair) and Altair Ventures (Alaska) Incorporated. 	Altair Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 17, 2005
AMO	Altan Rio Minerals Limited is a mineral exploration and development company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets in Mongolia. The Company operates through the exploration of exploration and evaluation assets segment. The Company explores for gold and copper projects in various mineral regions in Mongolia. It is involved in exploring holdings totaling over 255,148 acres. The Chandman-Yol property is located in mountainous basin and range country in eastern Khovd Aimag, western Mongolia, over 1,050 kilometers west of the capital Ulaanbaatar, and consists of approximately nine tenements covering over 203,880 acres. The Khavchuu Project is an early-stage exploration project located approximately 10 kilometers west of Centerra Gold Inc.'s Boroo mine and mill complex in the Boroogol District of orogenic gold deposits, northern Mongolia. The Onon project consists of over three tenements covering approximately 33,680 acres. 	Altan Rio Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 20, 2010
AER	Alternative Earth Resources Inc. is a Canada-based renewable energy company. The Company is focused on developing and generating electric power from geothermal resources. The Companys resource property interests comprise The New Truckhaven project and Pumpernickel Geothermal Project. The New Truckhaven project is located in Imperial Valley, southeast of Salton City, California. Certain geothermal leases are part of the Ormat PSA and are subject to a four-year option period. The Company holds two leases private and federal geothermal leases in the Pumpernickel Geothermal Project. The Pumpernickel Geothermal Project is located in the Humboldt County of Nevada towards the east of the town of Winnemucca. 	Alternative Earth Resources Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	April 13, 1995
AL	ALX Uranium Corp. (ALX), formerly Lakeland Resources Inc., is a Canada-based is a junior resource issuer. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of uranium properties within the Athabasca Basin in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Company has approximately 300,000 hectares of exploration properties in the Athabasca Basin, including Gibbon's Creek Property, Kelic Lake Property, Lazy Edward Bay Property, South Pine/Perch Properties, Newnham Lake Property, Carpenter Lake Property, Hook-Carter Property and Cluff Lake Properties. The Gibbon's Creek Property consists of over five claims totaling approximately 12,772 hectares. The Lazy Edward Bay Property consists of over 20 mineral claims totaling approximately 18,916 hectares. Its other uranium properties include Fond du Lac Property, Hatchet Lake Property, Black Birch Claims and Riou Lake/Otherside Properties. Its other projects include Midas Gold Property, Camlaren Gold Property and Ballard Lake Gold Property. 	ALX Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 11, 2007
AMG	AM Gold Inc. (AM Gold) is engaged in acquiring and exploring mineral properties for precious and base metals and other minerals. The Company is focused on developing its Pinaya gold-copper project located in southern Peru and its Red Mountain gold project located in the Yukon Territory, Canada. The Red Mountain gold project consists of the original 52 ICE and JC claims (approximately 1,170 hectares). The Company also owns interest in the 131 Frost claims (over 2,430 hectares). AM Gold also has interest in over two grassroots gold projects located in Peru: La Mamita and Minas Lucho. The Pinaya gold-copper Project is located in southern Peru approximately 770 kilometers southeast of Lima. The Red Mountain project is located in central Yukon Territory approximately 50 kilometers northwest of the community of Mayo in the Tintina Gold Belt and the Company has interest in over 50 mineral property claims. La Mamita is located in northern Peru in the Ancash mining camp. 	AM Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 8, 1985
APN	Altiplano Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring mineral rights and conducting exploration on exploration and evaluation properties, which it has acquired, or has the right to acquire, for the purposes of seeking and defining an economically recoverable mineral resource for sale or extraction. The Company focuses to acquire Ana Sofia property, which is located in Santiago del Estero Province, approximately 54 kilometers from Santiago City and approximately 1,100 kilometers northwest from Buenos Aires (the Property). The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Altiplano Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 10, 2010
ARH	Altima Resources Ltd. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of petroleum and natural gas properties in Canada. The Company's exploration program is focused on both conventional and resource-based multi-zone gas and gas condensate targets in the Chambers-Ferrier Area of the west central Alberta Deep Basin. The Chambers-Ferrier Area lies west of the various producing pools in the Ferrier Field. The Company's production is routed through the Keyera North Strachan Gas Gathering System to the sales point at the Keyera deep cut gas facility. The Company holds a working interest in lands and over two wells in the Ferrier West area, including the producing 14-06-041-10W5 well. The Company's subsidiaries include Unbridled Energy Corp., Unbridled Energy USA Inc., Unbridled Energy New York LLC and Unbridled Energy PA LLC. 	Altima Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 14, 2003
ALI	Altitude Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior coal exploration company. The Company's exploration activities are focused on northwest Alberta. The Company holds interest in Palisades Property, which consists of approximately six contiguous Alberta Crown Coal leases. The Palisades Property totals approximately 4,650 hectares and is located approximately 28 kilometers northwest of the town of Hinton, Alberta. Its Palisades Extension Application is contiguous to the northeast of the Company's Palisades Property. Its Moberley Creek Application consists of over four Alberta Crown Coal lease applications totaling approximately 5,380 hectares, and is located approximately 12.5 kilometers from the northern tip of its Palisades Extension Application. Its Altitude North Application consists of over three Alberta Crown Coal lease applications totaling approximately 5,240 hectares, and is located approximately 30 kilometers northwest from the northern tip of its Moberly Creek Application. 	Altitude Resources Inc	Energy	Coal	--	January 19, 2011
ATV	Alto Ventures Ltd is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring gold and diamond projects. The Company owns three gold properties in Quebec, Ontario and Manitoba, and three diamond exploration properties in Saskatchewan. Its three gold properties are Destiny Project in Quebec, Miner Lake in Ontario and Oxford Lake in Manitoba. Its Destiny Project is located in Despinassy Township, approximately 75 kilometers northeast of Val d Or, Quebec and lies within the Archean age Abitibi greenstone belt in Quebec. Its Miner Lake gold property is located approximately 45 kilometers northeast of the Town of Beardmore. Its Oxford Lake property lies in northeastern Manitoba along a regional structural corridor that hosts the pre-development Monument Bay Gold-Tungsten Deposit approximately 150 kilometers east of Oxford Lake. Its Northern Saskatchewan Diamond Properties are located from approximately 100 kilometers east to 160 kilometers east of the town of La Ronge. 	Alto Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 1987
ATU	Altura Energy Inc., formerly Northern Spirit Resources Inc., is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration, development and production company with focused operations in east central Alberta. The Company's properties include Klein North Area, Klein South Area, Wildmere Area and Provost Minors Area. The Klein North area is located approximately 20 kilometers south of Provost, Alberta. The Company owns working interest in over 640 acres of land in the Klein North area, of which approximately 160 acres are undeveloped and over 480 acres are developed. The Klein South area is located approximately 30 kilometers south of Provost, Alberta. It holds working interest in over 2,720 gross (approximately 1,580 net) acres of land in the Klein South area, of which over 800 gross (approximately 160 net) acres are undeveloped and over 1,920 gross (approximately 1,420 net) acres are developed. It holds working interest in over 2,080 gross (approximately 1,250 net) acres of land in the Wildmere area. 	Altura Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	June 8, 2007
ALT	Altarex Corp. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of foreign antibodies that activate and modulate the immune system for the treatment of certain cancers and other life-threatening disease where there exists an unmet medical need. The Company's products are based on its technology platform and patented multi-epitopic method of treatment. Its proprietary approach involves the use of foreign monoclonal antibodies as target antigen-binding agents that can alter patients' immune system responses in a therapeutically beneficial manner. AltaRex has completed Phase II clinical trials of OvaRex MAb (the Company's most advanced cancer antibody) for the treatment of late-stage ovarian cancer. The Company's portfolio of five cancer antibodies has been exclusively licensed to United Therapeutics Corporation, which has assumed responsibility for the continued clinical development, manufacture, regulatory approval and commercialization of the products. 	Alturas Minerals Corp			32	
ALV	Alvopetro Energy Ltd. is a resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, and the acquisition, development and production of, hydrocarbons in the Reconcavo, Tucano and Camamu-Almada onshore Brazil. It holds interests in approximately two mature fields and over 14 exploration blocks consisting of approximately 140,510 gross acres onshore Brazil. The exploration assets consist of Blocks 182, 197, 183, 106, 107, 169, 198, 255, 256, 57, 62, 71 and 145 in the Reconcavo Basin, and Block 177 in the Tucano Basin and two mature producing fields (Bom Lugar and Jiribatuba). The Reconcavo Basin is approximately 10,200 square kilometers onshore basin, centered over 85 kilometers north of the City of Salvador in northeast Brazil, in the province of Bahia. The Tucano Basin is also located in the state of Bahia. The Camamu-Almada Basin is over 22,900 square kilometer and located in the southern portion of the coast of Bahia State over 30 kilometers of the city of Salvador. 	Alvopetro Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	45	November 19, 2013
AHR	Amarc Resources Ltd. is a mineral development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's exploration activities are primarily focused in British Columbia, Canada. The Company owns the IKE property, which is located approximately 40 kilometers northwest of Gold Bridge. The Company has made a copper-molybdenum-silver discovery at its IKE project. The Company owns the Galileo, Hubble and Darwin properties, which are located within the Blackwater district, 75 kilometers southwest of Vanderhoof, British Columbia; the Newton Property, and MR Zone on the Silver Vista property, located in west central British Columbia. 	Amarc Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 2, 1993
AMU	AMI Resources Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company focuses on exploration activities on precious metals in West Africa. In the Company's North Ashanti Gold Project, the Company holds interests in various prospecting licenses, including Beposo, which consists of an area of over 30 square meters, and Anuoro, which consists of an area of over 60 square kilometers. The North Ashanti Gold Project is located in the Ashanti Region of Ghana, West Africa. The North Ashanti Project covers a 10-kilometer segment of the Konongo-Axim Shear System (Ashanti Shear), which hosts a number of deposits and operating gold mines. The Beposo license contains an at-surface NI 43-101 qualified gold resource of approximately 230,000 ounces in approximately two zones. The Company's subsidiaries include AMI Africa Exploration Ltd. (AMI Africa) and Ashanti Sankofa Limited (Ashanti). 	AMI Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 29, 1980
AGC	Amarillo Gold Corporation is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of gold properties, principally in Brazil. The Company operates through mineral exploration segment. The Company's projects include the Mara Rosa project in Goias state and the Lavras do Sul project in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. The Company is also involved in other early-stage development projects in Brazil. The Mara Rosa project is located over 330 kilometers northwest of Brasilia and is an orogenic-type gold mineralized system situated within a NeoProterozoic greenstone belt shear zone. Located approximately 320 kilometers southwest of the state capital Porto Alegre, Lavras do Sul project covers a total of approximately 210 square kilometers. The Lavras project encompasses a Neo-Proterozoic granitic intrusion that hosts gold production. The Company is in the process of exploring its resource properties and has not generated any revenue from its operations. 	Amarillo Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 9, 1983
AMK	American Creek Resources Ltd. is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, principally for precious metal deposits. The Company operates through the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets in Canada segment. The Company holds interests in properties located in the regions of Northern British Columbia in Canada. Its projects include Treaty Creek Project, Electrum Project and Gold Hill and D-1 McBride Project. The Treaty Creek Project covers approximately 110 square kilometers in the Skeena Mining District of northern British Columbia. The Company has drilled over 5,470 meters in over 30 drill holes across separate zones in Treaty Creek Project: Eureka, ND, Copper Belle and GR2. The Electrum Project consists of over six claims located approximately 40 kilometers north of Stewart, British Columbia. The Gold Hill property is located near Fort Steele, British Columbia and the D-1 McBride property is located near Dease Lake, British Columbia. 	American Creek Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 26, 2005
MLY	American CuMo Mining Corporation (American CuMo), formerly Mosquito Consolidated Gold Mines Limited, is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on identifying, acquiring and developing natural resource opportunities in the United States and Canada. Its projects include the CuMo Project, The CuMo Project is situated in the mountains of south-central Idaho, approximately near northeast of the town of Idaho City, in the United States. The Company's Boise property, also located in Idaho, is contiguous to and provides access to the CuMo Project. The Pine Tree property consists of approximately 510 hectares located in the Pilot Mountains, Mineral County in western Nevada. American CuMo has operations in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The Companys subsidiary includes Idaho CuMo Mining Corporation. 	American CuMo Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	June 8, 1971
LI	American Lithium Corp., formerly Menika Mining Ltd., is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of lithium deposits throughout the Americas. It holds options to acquire Nevada lithium brine claims totaling over 20,790 acres, including over 18,550 acres in Fish Lake Valley, Esmeralda County, and the 2,240-acre San Emidio Project in Washoe County. Its Fish Lake Valley property is a Nevada desert basin. It is also engaged in the exploration, evaluation and development of resource properties. It holds interests in the Reliance property, which consists of approximately 977.7 hectares, located over 10 kilometers north of the Historic Bralorne Gold Mine and five kilometers east of the town of Goldbridge, British Columbia. The Reliance property has approximately five claims consisting of over 20 units and approximately two cells It holds interest in AVA Property, located at and to the east of the village of Criss Creek. 	American Lithium Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
AMY	American Manganese Inc., formerly Rocher Deboule Minerals Corporation, is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of interests in mineral resource projects in British Columbia, Canada and Arizona, the United States. The Company's segment is the exploration for and development of mineral property interests. The Company's Artillery Peak project includes over nine unpatented mineral claims covering approximately 180 acres. The Company's Rocher Deboule property consists of mineral claims covering approximately 10,230 hectares near Hazelton, British Columbia. Its Lonnie property is a niobium exploration property. The property covers approximately 3,477 hectares in the Omineca mining division of British Columbia. The Company also has Phosphate property, Silica property and Zeolite property in British Columbia. Rocher Manganese Inc. is the Company's subsidiary. 	American Manganese Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 8, 1987
AVC	American Vanadium Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is the Master Sales Agent in North America for the CellCube vanadium redox flow energy system (CellCube). The Company operates in three segments: Mineral property acquisition and exploration, which includes assets and expenses related to the Company's mineral properties; the sale of CellCube energy storage systems, which includes the purchase of demonstration systems, sales and marketing costs and related labor, and General corporate. The CellCube is a commercially available vanadium redox flow battery capable of delivering energy storage for a range of applications, such as renewable energy integration and the reduction of demand charge tariffs levied by utilities. In addition to marketing CellCube units, the Company holds mineral claims at its Gibellini Property (Gibellini), a vanadium deposit located in Eureka County, Nevada. The Company holds approximately 200 claims to Gibellini. 	American Vanadium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 2, 2006
BOE	Americas Petrogas Inc. is an international resources company. The Company has phosphates exploration blocks in Peru, and operating oil and gas assets in Argentina. The Company operates through segments, including Corporate, Oil and gas, and Mining. It is engaged in the exploration of near-surface phosphates, potash and other minerals, and development of a fertilizer project in Peru. It is also engaged in the exploration of conventional and unconventional oil and gas properties, such as shale oil, shale gas and liquids and tight sands in Argentina. In Peru, it has phosphate, potash and other non-metallic minerals exploration blocks in an area of approximately 227,000 gross acres. In Argentina, it has approximately three non-conventional shale gas and oil blocks at Loma Ranqueles, Totoral and Huacalera, which covers an area of approximately 716,900 gross acres. It holds working interest in Vaca Mahuida block. The Company also holds interest in the Bayovar Property. 	Americas Petrogas Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 22, 2008
AMX	Amex Exploration Inc. is a mining exploration company. The Company focuses on the exploration activities conducted in Canada and Mexico. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mining resources segment. Its properties include Perron Property, Normetal Property, Cameron Property, Lac Indicateur property, Eastmain Centre property, Eastmain North Property, Natora Property and Nueva Escondida property. The Perron Property consists of approximately 120 mining claims covering an area of over 4,510 hectares. The Normetal Property consists of over 20 mining claims covering an area of over 940 hectares. The Cameron Property is located in the township of Grevet, and consists of over 90 mining claims covering an area of approximately 5,230 hectares. The Lac Indicateur property is located in the Eeyou Istchee Territory, Baie James, Quebec, and consists of over 20 claims covering an area of approximately 1280 hectares. The Nueva Escondida Property consists of over 10 claims. 	Amex Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 18, 1997
ALY	nul	AnalytixInsight Inc			--	
ANC.P	Anchor Capital Corp, located in Calgary, Alberta, is an investment company. It is also a capital pool company which identify and evaluate companies, businesses or assets with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. The company was founded in 2014. 	Anchor Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 20, 2014
ARA	Anconia Resources Corp., formerly Citadel Gold Mines Inc., is an exploration-stage company engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company operates as an exploration and development focused company. It has approximately three exploration projects all of which are in Canada. Approximately two of its projects are in Nunavut, and are known as the Atlas project (which is the consolidation of over two contiguous projects) and the RB project. Its third project is known as the Grenfell property, which is located in the Kirkland Lake area. The Atlas properties are located approximately 170 kilometers south of Baker Lake. The RB property is located approximately 45 kilometers East-South-East of the ZAC claims, and consists of over four staked claims covering approximately 41.8 square kilometers. The Grenfell property consists of approximately 20 claims and over two staked claims for a total land position of approximately 4.3 square kilometers. 	Anconia Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 22, 1962
ARY	Anfield Resources Inc., formerly Equinox Copper Corp., is a resource company, which is engaged in mineral exploration and development in the United States. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties segment. It owns interest in the Northstar Property. It owns a portfolio of uranium assets, including Shootaring Canyon Mill, Velvet-Wood Project, Frank M Project and Findlay Tank Breccia Pipes. The Shootaring Canyon Mill is located approximately 50 miles (over 80 kilometers) south of Hanksville, Utah. The Velvet-Wood Project is located in San Juan County, Utah. The Frank M deposit is located approximately 10 kilometers north of the Shootaring Canyon Mill. The Company owns over two surface stockpiles, which are located at the Shootaring Canyon Mill and in the Lisbon Valley. 	Anfield Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 12, 1986
ANG	Angel Gold Corp. is an exploration-stage junior mining company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Colombia. The Company's projects include El Porvenir Project, El Pino West (EPW) and Heliconia Project. El Porvenir Gold Property is located within the Segovia-Remedios gold belt in the Department of Antioquia, Colombia. The El Pino West concession adjoins to the northeast of the Gramalote project of B2 Gold and AngloGold Ashanti, and covers an area between two northwest-southeast-trending faults that are subparallel to the structures controlling the Gramalote mineralization. Heliconia Project claim comprises approximately 3,927.45 hectares and will consist of over two parcels. The Titiribi porphyry gold-copper deposits of Sunward Resources occur approximately 10 kilometers to the south within the same structural regime that underlies the Heliconia property. The Company has not generated revenues from its operations. 	Angel Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 8, 1988
ANK	Angkor Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on mineral property interests located in the Kingdom of Cambodia in the Banlung and Oyadao Regions. The Company's licenses include Andong Meas Exploration License, Banlung Exploration License, Banlung North Exploration License, Oyadao Exploration License and Oyadao South Exploration License. Its Andong Meas Exploration License includes Colonial Prospect, CW Prospect and Wild Boar Prospect. Its Banlung Exploration License includes Okalla West Prospect and Okalla Prospect. Its Banlung North Exploration License includes the Katieng Prospect. Its Oyadao Exploration License includes Kong Thom Prospect and Phum Syarung North Prospect. Its Oyadao South Exploration License includes Cassava Prospect, Halo Prospect and Otray Prospect. Its Otray area consists of Craig's Vein and Mud Crab Veins. Its Koan Nheak province lies to south of the town of Koan Nheak in the northeast of Mondulkiri Province. 	Angkor Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 16, 2008
ANF	Anfield Gold Corp., formerly Anfield Nickel Corp., is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resources. The Company's segment is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral assets. The Company is seeking new mineral resource projects. 	Anfield Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 13, 2005
ANB	Anglo-Bomarc Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of exploration, evaluation and development of mineral properties. The Company holds a portfolio of projects, which include the Hercules Silver Property in Idaho and Hughes Lake Property in Saskatchewan. The Company's Hughes Lake project is a uranium exploration project that is located within the eastern portion of the Athabasca Basin, approximately 30 kilometers southwest of the McArthur River uranium mine and near the western boundary of the Wollaston Lithostructural Domain, and totaling an area of approximately 2,438 hectares. The Hercules Silver Property is approximately 1,490 acres of mineral claims, located on the northwestern shoulder of Cuddy Mountain; approximately 120 miles northwest of Boise, Idaho, and 20 miles northwest of Cambridge, Idaho. The Company's subsidiaries include ANB Yukon Gold Inc. and Anglo-Bomarc, U.S., Inc. 	Anglo Bomarc Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	1968
URA	Anglo-Canadian Mining Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets, primarily base and precious metals. It does not have any producing exploration and evaluation assets. Its business is focused on the exploration and evaluation of various mineral deposits in the Provinces of British Columbia and Quebec, Canada. Its exploration and evaluation assets include copper-gold-palladium-silver claims located 11 to 12 kilometers south of Princeton. Its Princeton Copper Project consists of two primary areas: Skagit and Tacoma Two. The Skagit zone contains malachite and chalcocite on fractures, with approximately 0.56% copper over 60 feet. The Tacoma Two zone consists of two exploration areas, one lying approximately 865 meters west-southwest of the Skagit zone, the second area being approximately 480 meters west of Skagit. The Company has no revenue from operations. 	Anglo Canadian Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 5, 1979
RHA	Annidis Corporation develops and markets imaging technologies to eye care professionals. The Company has developed a multi-spectral imaging (MSI) system for retinal and choroidal assessment (the RHA). The RHA provides eye-care professionals with a screening tool for early detection and diagnosis of a range of pathologies. The RHA is an ocular pathology management system that integrates MSI with analytic software and management of ocular pathologies, such as glaucoma, age-related macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy. Its RHA collects and combines multi-spectral information. The RHA is a non-invasive instrument that uses MSI to take pictures of the retinal layers of eye. The images are then processed using the RHA Report software to reveal various layers in the back of the eye. The Company is also engaged in developing RHA Platinum, which is under development with beta units in clinical testing that allows doctors to visualize choroidal and retinal vasculature non-invasively. 	Annidis Corp	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	February 3, 2010
AE.A	Anterra Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil focused junior exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, development, optimization and production of crude oil and natural gas in western Canada. The Company has two segments: oil and gas segment, and midstream processing segment. The Company's oil and gas segment explores for, develops and produces oil and gas. The Company's midstream processing segment provides third party processing and disposal services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates five principal oil properties in Alberta: Breton - Belly River Oil, Buck Lake - Cardium Oil, Nipisi - Gilwood Oil, Strathmore - Basal Quartz Oil and Two Creek - Jurassic Oil. 	Anterra Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 22, 2000
AFY	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
ATE	Antibe Therapeutics Inc. is a Canada-based company that originates, develops and out-licenses pharmaceuticals that are improved versions of existing drugs. The Company's drug design methodologies involve chemically linking a base drug to its hydrogen sulfide-releasing molecule. The Company's lead compound, ATB-346, combines hydrogen sulfide (H2S) with naproxen, which is an approved, marketed and off patent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The Company has conducted multiple pre-clinical studies, combining the attributes of H2S with naproxen, which have demonstrated that ATB-346, which has therapeutic efficacy that is equal to or greater than that of naproxen while demonstrating an improved side-effect profile versus naproxen and other commonly used NSAID treatments for pain associated with, amongst other conditions, osteoarthritis. Additionally, the Company investigates other assets in its pipeline, as well as additional development opportunities to which it has access. 	Antibe Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	3	May 5, 2009
AGD	Antioquia Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and evaluation-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of mineral resource properties in Colombia. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of properties in Colombia. The Company's principal asset is its Cisneros Project which covers approximately 5,654 hectares and is located around 55 kilometers northeast of Medellin in the Department of Antioquia, Colombia. Its Cisneros Project consists of the Guayabito Property, Bullet Property and Pacho Luis Property. The Cisneros Project consists of four mineral deposits in the Guayabito and Pacho Luis Project areas. 	Antioquia Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
AXG	Antipodes Gold Limited, formerly Glass Earth Gold Limited, is a development-stage company. The Company is an exploration and development company, which intends to become a diversified phosphate explorer and developer. The Company operates through the gold exploration segment. The Company's subsidiaries include Glass Earth (New Zealand) Limited, HPD New Zealand Limited, Glass Earth Mining Limited, Glass Earth Geothermal Limited and others. 	Antipodes Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 23, 1989
AEN	Antrim Energy Inc. is an energy company. The Company is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas acquisition, exploration, development and production in various international locations. The Company's portfolio of assets includes exploration and development opportunities in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The Company holds interest in Frontier Exploration License 1/13 in Blocks 44/4 (part), 44/5 (part), 44/9 (part), 44/10, 44/14 (part) and 44/15 (part), an area of approximately 1,058.1 square kilometers in the Porcupine Basin situated approximately 110 kilometers off the southwest coast of Ireland. In the Central North Sea, the Company holds interest in the Fyne License P077 Block 21/28a. It has over two Jurassic fault blocks and a Cretaceous submarine fan system in the FEL 1/13 license, as well as various other leads. It also holds interest in Erne License P1875 Block 21/29d. The block contains the Erne Eocene Tay discovery and the Corrib Eocene Tay prospect. 	Antrim Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	2	September 29, 1999
APX	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
APH	Aphria, Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in greenhouse growing business. The Company is a medical marijuana producer. It provides medical marijuana to help reduce muscle spasms, appetite, or symptoms of anxiety and depression. It provides medical marijuana for end-of-life care or a specific medical condition, including multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury, spinal cord disease, severe pain, cachexia, anorexia, weight loss, cancer, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/ acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), arthritis and seizures from epilepsy. In addition, the Company provides medical support services through its wholly owned subsidiary Cannway Pharmaceuticals Inc. 	Aphria Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	December 1, 2014
APV	Apivio Systems Inc. is a Canada-based technology company principally engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of communications equipment and software. It operates through the business of designing, developing, manufacturing, and selling communications equipment and software segment. The Company develops, markets and supports a portfolio of voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) telephone solutions, including a range of wired and wireless devices and integrated advanced software applications. The Company's products and services are designed mainly for use by small and medium sized enterprises, and home offices. The Company's product line includes a range of VoIP desktop telephones (IP Phones) and wireless VoIP handset phones (Wi-Fi Phones). The Company's IP Phones include the IP255, IP335, IP355 and IP370 models. The Company sells its products and services to telephone companies and a network of dealers and distributors, mainly in South Korea. 	Apivio Systems Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 9, 2013
APE	Apogee Minerals Ltd is a Canada-based Company engaged in the business of mineral exploration and development. The Company is focused on the exploration of silver, zinc and lead. Its projects include Pulacayo-Paca and Cachinal. 	Apogee Silver Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 21, 2005
APL	Appulse Corporation (Appulse), through its subsidiaries, sells new and refurbished centrifuge machines and parts, and provides maintenance services, and consulting and design advice to industries across North America and internationally. The Company operates through three geographic segments, including Canadian, U.S. and International. In addition, the Company provides machining services for equipment repairs. The Company also provides services, including a balancing service for large equipment, such as centrifuge bowls. The Company focuses on food and beverage processors and environmental applications, and also other industries, including the oil and gas service industry, refineries, marine processing and pharmaceuticals. The Company's subsidiaries include Centrifuges Unlimited Inc., Design Machining Unlimited Inc., Rolyn Oilfield Services Inc. and Rolyn Oilfield Services (U.S.) Inc. 	Appulse Corp	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	April 24, 2001
AQM	AQM Copper Inc. is a Canada-based junior natural resource company. The Company operates through the mineral exploration and evaluation segment. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in South America, such as Chile and Peru. The Company's focus is on the exploration and development of the Zafranal Project. The Zafranal Project is a copper-gold porphyry project located in the Southern Peru Porphyry Copper Belt, which hosts deposits, such as Freeport McMoran's Cerro Verde mine, and Southern Copper's Cuajone and Toquepala mines. The Company holds approximately 20% interest in Antakena Project located in Chile. The Zafranal Project includes approximately 47,250 hectares of mining rights. Of these, over 5,200 hectares are mineral claims and over 42,050 hectares are mining concessions owned by Compania Minera Zafranal S.A.C. The mining concessions include over 4,700 hectares that are subject to approximately 1.5% net smelter return royalty. 	AQM Copper Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 24, 2005
AAC	Arak Resources Ltd., formerly Actus Minerals Corp., is a Canada-based junior resource exploration company. The Company is in the business of exploring for, and where warranted, developing mineral deposits. The Company is in the process of reviewing its mineral property and is also investigating other opportunities in the resource sector. The Company is focused on the Kayla Property, located in Quebec, Canada. The Kayla property is located 45 kilometers west of the Town of Chibougamau and one kilometer southwest of the Town of Chapais, in Abitibi, Quebec. The property's claims consist of around 265 hectares and the Kayla Property covers a total area of approximately 344 hectares. The Company also has interest in two mineral tenures at Perron Lake in the northeastern Athabasca Basin region of northern Canada. These tenures consist of approximately 2,573 hectares in the south central part of the Perron Lake Area. 	Arak Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 9, 2006
ACH	Arch Biopartners Inc. is a portfolio-based biotechnology company. The Company is focused on the development of technologies. The Company's technologies include AB569, MetaMx, MetaBlok, Borg and Arch Inflammation. AB569 is a drug candidate for the treatment of Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections in the respiratory tracts of patients with Cystic Fibrosis. MetaMx is a synthetic molecule that targets brain tumor initiating cells and invasive glioma cells for the purpose of imaging, diagnosis and developing targeted therapies. MetaBlok is a drug candidate for the treatment of sepsis and cancer metastasis. Borg is a peptide-solid surface interface for binding peptides to solid surfaces to inhibit biofilm formation and reduce corrosion. Arch Inflammation is a treatment for chronic kidney and bowel diseases caused by non-infectious inflammation. The Company's subsidiaries include Arch Biotech Inc., Arch Biophysics Inc. and Arch Bio Ireland Ltd. 	Arch Biopartners Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	November 13, 2003
ARK	Archer Petroleum Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating oil and gas, and other energy producing properties, and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of uranium, oil and gas, and other energy related commodities in North America. The Company operates in Canada and the United States. 	Archer Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 31, 1984
ACS	Archon Minerals Limited is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in exploring mineral properties in Northwest Territories (NWT). The Company's mineral exploration activities include search, evaluation and development of mineral deposits. The Company's exploration projects include Buffer Zone Joint Venture, NWT and Monument Project, NWT. Archon has interest in the west buffer zone that has various pipes (up to four hectares in size), which forms a trend spaced from the other two productive trends on the Ekati block. 	Archon Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
ARR	Arco Resources Corp. (Arco) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is focused on exploration and development of Gold, Silver and Polymetallic properties in southwestern Mexico. Arco holds a 100% interest in four mineral claim blocks, all located in the State of Oaxaca, Mexico. Arco is engaged in developing the Taviche property, in Oaxaca State, southwestern Mexico. Taviche property is a silver-gold-bearing quartz vein with epithermal textures and underground workings. Epithermal textures include open space fillings, bladed veining and megacrystic carbonate replacements. 	Arco Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	March 13, 2006
AHU	Arctic Hunter Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas resource exploration and development company. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties in the Western Canada and in North America. The Company is a junior heavy oil producer in the greater Lloydminster area of Alberta and Saskatchewan. The Company is reviewing future production and exploration opportunities through selective property acquisitions and identifying exploration drilling activities in North American and internationally. The Company holds interest in the C-12 well, which is situated in Landrose, Saskatchewan. The average production for the C-12 well is approximately 10 barrels per day (five barrels per day net). 	Arctic Hunter Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 21, 2006
ADD	Arctic Star Exploration Corp. is a junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has diamond and Niobium/rare earth properties in North America. Its properties include Stein Property, T-Rex property, Triceratops property and Redemption project. The T-Rex Property consists of over 60 contiguous claims staked by the Company, with an area of approximately 54,000 hectares, and is located in the north eastern part of the prolific Lac de Gras kimberlite field. The Stein Property Nunavut is an advanced diamond exploration project, which is owned by the Company, and is located to the Northwest of Taloyoak. The Triceratops property covers approximately six kimberlite discoveries and consists of approximately 60 contiguous claims with an area covering approximately 46,840 hectares, located over 30 kilometers north west of Ekati diamond mine. 	Arctic Star Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 5, 2001
AN	Arena Minerals Inc. (Arena) is a gold and copper exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of properties located in South America. The Company's assets include Pampas El Penon, Atacama Copper and Capricornio Project in Chile. The Pampas El Penon property consists of 34 mining claims totaling 8,650 hectares located approximately 130 kilometers southeast of Antofagasta, Chile. The Pampas El Penon property consists of five separate blocks, including the land package immediately to the west of the Pampa Augusta Victoria discovery veins. The Atacama Copper Property consists of approximately 150,000 hectares (1,500 square kilometers) in Chile's Antofagasta Region II, and located approximately 40 kilometers north east from the city of Antofagasta. Its Capricornio Property consists of 27 mining claims located approximately 50 kilometers east of Arena, Chile, representing a total of 7,080 hectares. It operates in Canada and Chile. 	Arena Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 29, 1995
ADG	Arcus Development Group Inc. is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties. Its Dawson Gold project is located in west-central Yukon approximately 100 kilometers south of Dawson City. Its Dawson Gold Project consists of approximately four claim blocks, which include the Dan Man, the Green Gulch, the Touleary and the Shamrock properties. Its Dan Man property consists of approximately 580 mineral claims, and is located north of and adjacent to the Kaminak Gold Corporation Coffee claims. The Green Gulch property is a block of over 70 claims that is surrounded by claims comprising the Kinross White Gold property. The Shamrock property consists of approximately 70 mining claims and covers an area of over 10 square kilometers. Its Shamrock property is located on the north side of the Yukon River, approximately five kilometers from the northern boundary of the Kinross White Gold property. 	Arcus Development Group Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 2006
RPT	ArPetrol Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas. The Company is involved in third-party natural gas processing in Argentina, and owns and operates a gas processing facility with a capacity of approximately 85 million cubic feet per day (MMcf/d). It operates through two segments: Oil and natural gas operations, and Corporate. The Oil and natural gas operations segment includes production and processing operations. Its corporate segment includes corporate offices in Canada and Barbados. It holds interest in ArPetrol International Financial Company Inc. (AIFC). AIFC holds interest in ArPetrol International Energy Company Inc. (ArPetrol Energy) and ArPetrol Argentina S.A. (ArPetrol Argentina). Through ArPetrol Argentina, the Company owns and operates the Faro Virgenes concession in the Santa Cruz province of Argentina. The Company's production is derived from its operations in Argentina. 	ArPetrol Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 18, 2011
ART	ARHT Media Inc., formerly Vast Exploration Inc., is engaged in creating human holograms, (known as HumaGrams) for the purpose of monetizing them across a range of platforms. The Company's Augmented Reality Holographic Technology (ARHT) engine, allows its HumaGrams to interact and conduct real-time e-commerce with consumers, and provide invaluable analytics back towards retailers. HumaGrams are used in a range of applications, including interactive retail displays, tradeshow booths, presentations, live shows and concerts. It offers smARHT Platform, through which it can deliver HumaGrams in real-time to any event anywhere in the world through the public Internet. It offers a range of smARHT Display Technologies, which include three-dimensional (3D) Holographic smARHT Stages, smARHT televisions, and virtual reality/augmented reality (VR/AR) headsets. Its HumaGrams and related content can be flattened and delivered to mobile devices, such as phone, tablet, computer and television. 	ARHT Media Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 2, 1987
ATX	Argentex Mining Corporation is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Argentina. It holds interests in mineral properties located in the Santa Cruz and Rio Negro provinces of Argentina. It is focused on advancing its Pinguino silver-gold project in Santa Cruz, Argentina. The Company's geographical segments include Canada and Argentina. Its continental area is between the Andes mountain range in the west and the Atlantic Ocean in the east. It borders Paraguay and Bolivia to the north, Brazil and Uruguay to the northeast, and Chile to the west and south. The Company's subsidiary, SCRN Properties Ltd., is engaged in acquiring and exploring natural resource properties in Argentina. It owns mineral rights to over 30 properties located within approximately 107,000 hectares of land located in the Santa Cruz and Rio Negro provinces. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Argentex Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 1, 2006
ASL	Argentum Silver Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company focuses on discovering high grade silver and gold in the states of Jalisco and Oaxaca in Southwest Mexico. The Company operates in Canada and Mexico, with operations in the mineral resource sector. Its projects include Coyote and Victoria in the state of Jalisco, and Lachiguiri and Silayacaopan in the state of Oaxaca. The Victoria project has mineralized zone extends over an area of approximately 10 kilometers. The Lachiguiri property consists of El Pochotle and El Pochotle II, and has an area of approximately 4,200 hectares and is located approximately 140 kilometers southeast of the city of Oaxaca near the town of Santiago Lachiguiri. The Silayacaopan project has an area of approximately 3,500 hectares. The Company's subsidiaries include Plata de Argentum SA de CV and Predilecta Exploration SA de CV. 	Argentum Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 21, 2007
AML	Argus Metals Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing interests in mineral projects in North and South America. The Company's mineral properties include Ike gold project, which is located in the Selwyn Basin of Yukon and the Lady Ermalina Chemainus group of claims, which covers an area of over 550 hectares. The Company's Ike Property consists of the Gala claims, which cover the Lingfish Minfile occurrence. 	Argus Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	May 7, 2009
ARC	Arian Resources Corp., formerly known as Golden Touch Resources Corp., is a Canada-based mining company. The Company intends to take its copper-gold project, Perlat, in Albania into production. The Company is working with Sinomine Resources Exploration Company Ltd., to produce a prefeasibility report and a valuation report to determine the path to production. It has properties in Albania, Perlat, kacinar Gold and Iballja Copper. The Company operates in a single reportable operating segment, the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. 	Arian Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 24, 2007
DAN	Arianne Phosphate Inc., formerly Arianne Resources Inc., is a Canada-based development-stage phosphate mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties in Quebec, Canada. The Company operates through the segment of acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties. The Company is focused on developing a phosphate mine by concentrating its resources on the Lac a Paul phosphate rock project. The Company is developing the Lac a Paul phosphate deposit, which is located approximately 200 kilometers north of the Saguenay/Lac St. Jean area of Quebec, Canada. The Lac a Paul deposit is located in the Lac-Saint-Jean Anorthositic Suite (LSJAS). The Lac a Paul phosphate rock project consists of approximately 500 map-designated claims and covers an area of approximately 27,000 hectares. The Lac a Paul property consists of mafic to ultramafic rock (anorthosite, gabbros, norite, trocotites and also some pyroxenite and peridotite). 	Arianne Phosphate Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 30, 1992
AKC.P	Arkadia Capital Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is to identify and evaluate assets or businesses with a view to potentially acquiring them or an interest therein by completing a purchase transaction, by exercising of an option or by any concomitant transaction. The Company's continuing operations are dependent upon its ability to identify, evaluate and negotiate an acquisition of assets or businesses, or an interest therein. The Company has not yet commenced operations. The Company has no revenue from operations. The Company's subsidiary is 1807564 Alberta Ltd. 	Arkadia Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 18, 2011
ARD	Armada Data Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the accumulation and sale of data related to the purchase of new and used vehicles. The Company operates through segments, including Insurance Services, Retail Services, Dealer Services, Internet Technology (IT) and Advertising/Marketing Services. The Insurance Service segment is engaged in the sale of total-loss replacement vehicle reports to the insurance companies. The Retail Services segment is engaged in the sale of new car pricing data to consumers primarily through the Company's Website, as well as the reselling of this new car pricing data to qualified third party vendors. The Dealer Services segment is engaged in sale of new vehicle. The IT segment consists of Web and e-mail hosting, Website development and design, and desktop support. The Advertising/Marketing Services segment is engaged in the sale of online third party Website advertising, and other new car or car business related marketing activities. 	Armada Data Corporation	Industrials	Diversified Trading & Distributing	18	June 17, 1999
A	Armor Minerals Inc., formerly Rio Cristal Resources Corporation, is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in acquiring and exploring mineral properties. The Company does not have mineral producing properties and has generated no revenue. 	Armor Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 24, 2006
ABZ	nul	Asiabasemetals Inc			--	
AWS	Arrowstar Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in the United States. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties segment. The Company has optioned the Tin Cup and Frisco Mine (FM) (Secret Pass) concessions (the Project), which are located approximately 30 miles northwest of Kingman through highway 68 in Mohave County, Arizona. The Company's Secret Pass Gold Project is located in Oatman mining District in the northwest Arizona. Its properties consist of State Prospecting Permits and Bureau of Land Management lode mining claims of approximately 2,200 acres. The claim area has various gold workings along with several untested drill targets. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Arrowstar Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	--	October 14, 1987
AEC	Artisan Energy Corporation (Artisan) is a Canada-based oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, development of and production of oil and natural gas reserves in Western Canada. The Company's projects include Chip Lake, Conrad, Ferrybank and Tomahawk (Bigoray). The primary target at Chip Lake is light sweet oil (44 degree API) trapped in the Rock Creek formation at approximately 1,850 meter depth. In Ferrybank area the Belly River sand at approximately 950 meter depth produces a 33 degree API oil with a low gas oil ratio of less than 1,000 standard cubic feet per barrel (scf/bbl). The primary target at Conrad is 25 degree API oil from the Sawtooth formation at approximately 950 meter depth. The primary target at Tomahawk is the Wilrich Sand which yields sweet natural gas. 	Artisan Energy Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 1, 2010
AEC.DB	nul	Artisan Energy Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AOT	Ascot Resources Ltd is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. Its properties include Dilworth Project, Mt. Margaret property and Swamp Point Project. The Company's Dilworth Project is a gold, silver, base metals project, which is located approximately 25 kilometers north of the town of Stewart in north western British Columbia. The Mt. Margaret property is a copper-molybdenum-gold-silver deposit, which is located approximately 22 kilometers southwest of Randle Washington in Skamania County. Its Swamp Point project is a sand and gravel deposit, which is located on the Portland Canal in north western British Columbia, Canada, and approximately 50 kilometers south of the town of Stewart. The Mt. Margaret property is held in the Company's wholly owned subsidiary Ascot USA Inc. 	Ascot Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 20, 1986
ABR	Ashburton Ventures Inc. is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets located in Canada. The Company's objective is to seek out and acquire prospective mineral exploration properties in North America with the view to exploring and developing the properties. The Company's properties include Boulder Property, GC West Property, Chapeau Prospect and Hackett Claims. The Boulder Property covers around 20 unit claims totaling approximately 900 acres, located approximately 10 kilometers west-north west of Revelstoke, British Columbia. The GC West property is located approximately 135 meters west of the GC lepidolite Minfile occurrence. The GC occurrence consists of a coarse-grained, lepidolite-bearing (lithium mica) pegmatite dike hosted within a mica schist. The Company's 13 square kilometers Hackett Project in the Sheslay Valley includes approximately eight square kilometers claim package. 	Ashburton Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ARS	Asiamet Resources Limited, formerly Kalimantan Gold Corporation Limited, is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Indonesia. The Company operates through mineral exploration and development segment. The Company has over three principal areas of interest, which include the KSK Contract of Work (KSK CoW) in Central Kalimantan with multiple copper and gold prospects, including the BKM Deposit that has mineral resources; the Beutong Izin Usaha Pertambangan (Beutong IUP) on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia, which covers approximately two porphyry copper-gold-molybdenum prospects (West and East Porphyries) and the Beutong Skarn (copper-gold) prospect, and the Jelai Izin Usaha Pertambangan (Jelai IUP) epithermal gold prospect in North Eastern Kalimantan, Indonesia. The Company's subsidiaries include Indokal Limited and PT Pancaran Cahaya Kahaya, among others. 	Asiamet Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 7, 1997
