symbol	description	name	sector	industry	employees	incorporated
AW.UN	A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based limited purpose trust. The Fund invests in A&W Trade Marks Inc. (Trade Marks), which through its ownership interest in the A&W Trade Marks Limited Partnership (Partnership), owns the A&W trade-marks used in the A&W quick service restaurant business in Canada. The Fund's objective is to maintain an annual payout ratio at approximately 100%. The Fund's capital management objectives are to have cash and cash equivalents to pay unit holders, after its debt service and income tax obligations, provisions for general and administrative expenses, and retention of working capital reserves. The Fund licenses A&W trade-marks to A&W Food Services of Canada, Inc. (Food Services). Food Services is a franchisor of hamburger quick service restaurants in Canada. Trade Marks has approximately 840 A&W restaurants in Canada. 	A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	0	December 18, 2001
AEU.UN	ACTIVEnergy Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to pay monthly distributions to unitholders and to enhance long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio of energy companies with an emphasis on oil and gas securities, as well as common shares of Canadian and the United States-based issuers operating in the energy sector. The Fund invests in energy, pipelines and corporate debt sector. Middlefield Limited is the trustee and manager of the Fund and provides investment and administrative services to the Fund. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) and Guardian Capital LP are the co-advisors to the Fund. Groppe, Long & Littell is the special advisor of the Fund. 	Activenergy Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 27, 2004
DRX	ADF Group Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the design and engineering of connections, fabrication, including industrial coating, and the installation of steel structures and steel built-ups, as well as miscellaneous and architectural metalwork. The Company's products and services intends for the five principal segments of the non-residential construction market: office towers and high-rises, commercial and recreational buildings, airport facilities, industrial complexes and transport infrastructures. It serves client base in the non-residential construction industry, such as general contractors, project owners, engineering firms and project architects, and other steel structure fabricators. The fabrication of steel structures is carried out in the Company's fabrication plants; one in Terrebonne, Quebec, which has approximately five production lines, and one in Great Falls, Montana, which has a production bay. 	Adf Group Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	595	October 22, 1979
FAP	Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Company Limited is a closed-end investment company. The Company's investment objective is to obtain current income and achieve incidental capital appreciation from investment in long-term debt securities. The Company may invest approximately 80% of its total assets in Asian-Pacific debt securities, and may be denominated in an Asian-Pacific Country currency or in Australian, New Zealand or the United States dollars. It may also invest approximately 20% of the Company's total assets in Australian debt securities. The Company invests in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Turkey, India, China, the United Kingdom, Germany, Turkey, South Korea, Singapore, Thailand, Norway, Philippines, Hong Kong, Indonesia and Sri Lanka. Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Limited is its investment manager. Aberdeen Asset Management Limited is the Company's investment advisor. Aberdeen Asset Managers Limited is the Company's sub-advisor. 	Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Company Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 15, 1986
AAB	Aberdeen International Inc. is a Canada-based investment and merchant banking company. The Company is focused on small capitalization companies in the resource sector. Its investment objective is to acquire both directly and indirectly through its subsidiary and equity participation. Its primary investment objective is to realize earnings by investing in pre Initial public offering or early-stage public resource companies with undeveloped or undervalued resources. The Company may employ a range of investment instruments, including equity, bridge loans, secured loans, unsecured loans, convertible debentures, warrants and options, royalties, net profit interests and other hybrid instruments. It may also make direct investments in publicly-traded securities that have low trading volumes. Its investments include debt instruments and equity securities of companies. Its investment portfolio consisted of approximately 20 publicly-traded investments and over 20 privately-held investments. 	Aberdeen International Inc	Financials	Investment Services	1	July 4, 2006
ABT	Absolute Software Corporation is a Canada-based enterprise software-as-a-service (SaaS) provider of endpoint security and data risk management solutions to commercial, education and government customers. The Company operates through Data and Device Security (DDS) segment. The Company's principal business activities are the development, marketing, and support of endpoint security and data risk management solutions for computing devices, such as desktops, laptops, tablets and smartphones. The Company's solutions include remote data and device security, powered by its Persistence technology. Its consumer business consists of sales of its consumer-branded product suite. The Company's DDS enables customers to monitor the security posture of their computing endpoints, both on and off of their corporate network. The Company offers its services through original equipment manufacturer (OEM) partners, as well as through distributors and resellers. 	Absolute Software Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	444	November 24, 1993
ADN	Acadian Timber Corp. is a Canada-based supplier of primary forest products in Eastern Canada and the Northeastern United States. The Company owns and manages approximately 761,000 acres of freehold timberlands in New Brunswick (NB Timberlands), over 299,000 acres of freehold timberlands in Maine (Maine Timberlands) and provides management services relating to approximately 1.3 million acres of Crown licensed timberlands. The Company operates through two segments: NB Timberlands and Maine Timberlands. The Company also owns and operates a forest nursery in Second Falls, New Brunswick. The Company's products include softwood and hardwood saw logs, pulpwood and biomass by-products that are sold to approximately 100 regional customers. The Company's standing timber in Maine is composed of approximately 70% softwood and over 30% hardwood. The Company has approximately 2.4 million acres of land under management. The ultimate parent of the Company is Brookfield Asset Management Inc. 	Acadian Timber Corp	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	195	January 1, 2010
AEF.A	Acasta Enterprises Inc is a Canada-based shell company. The Company is a special purpose acquisition company, which was incorporated for the purpose of effecting an acquisition of one or more businesses or assets, by way of a merger, amalgamation, arrangement, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or any other similar business combination involving the corporation (qualifying acquisition). The Company focuses on acquisitions that operate in North America. In addition, the Company focuses on acquiring companies with an enterprise value of between $1 billion and $2 billion. 	Acasta Enterprises Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 19, 2015
AEF.WT	nul	Acasta Enterprises Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ACD	Accord Financial Corp. is a provider of asset-based financial services to businesses, such as asset-based lending (ABL), including factoring, lease financing, working capital financing, credit protection and receivables management, and supply chain financing for importers. The Company's business involves ABL by Accord Financial Inc. and Accord Financial, Inc., which entails financing or purchasing receivables on a recourse basis, as well as financing other tangible assets, such as inventory and equipment; lease financing and equipment and working capital lending by Accord Equipment Finance, and credit protection and receivables management services by Accord Financial Ltd., which involves providing credit guarantees and collection services, generally without financing. Its clients operate in various industries, including apparel, financial and professional services, manufacturing, wholesale and distribution, transportation, chemicals, electronics, oilfield services and textiles. 	Accord Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	104	
ASP	Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corporation, formerly Trimel Pharmaceuticals Corporation, is a Canada-based pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of products with a focus on men's health, including urology, and women's health, including hormone replacement therapy and female sexual dysfunction. The Company markets Estrace in Canada, which is an oral, plant-derived 17-beta estradiol therapy for the relief of symptoms of menopause. The Company offers Natesto, which is the testosterone nasal gel in the United States for replacement therapy in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone (hypogonadism). The Company offers TEFINA, which is a low-dose nasal testosterone gel treatment in development for female sexual dysfunction. The Company focuses on TriVair Deposition/Dispersion System, which is a unit dose dry powder inhaler and nasal dispersion system. 	Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corporation	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	16	July 15, 2009
AEZ	Aeterna Zentaris Inc. is a specialty biopharmaceutical company engaged in developing and commercializing treatments in oncology, endocrinology and women's health. The Company operates through the biopharmaceutical segment. The Company is engaged in drug development activities and in the promotion of products for others. The Company's principal product candidates are Zoptrex (zoptarelin doxorubicin) and Macrilen (macimorelin) in oncology and endocrinology. The Company focuses on its product candidates Zoptrex and Macrilen, which are in Phase III clinical development, and on a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH)-disorazol Z conjugate (AEZS-138), which is in pre-clinical development in oncology and is available for partnering. The Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries include AEZS GmbH, Zentaris IVF GmbH and Aeterna Zentaris, Inc. 	AEterna Zentaris Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	46	September 12, 1990
AGF.B	AGF Management Limited (AGF) is an investment management company. The Company's products and services include investment solutions for retail, institutional and high-net-worth clients. AGF's products include mutual funds, mutual fund wrap programs and pooled funds. AGF also manages assets on behalf of institutional investors, including pension plans, foundations and endowments, as well as for private clients. It serves over one million investors. AGF conducts the management and distribution of mutual funds in Canada under the brand names AGF, Elements and Harmony. AGF offers individuals and institutions a range of investment strategies and solutions across investment management platforms, such as Fundamental Active Management, Quantitative Solutions, Private Client and Alternative Assets. It operates in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Asia. AGF, through its subsidiary, also provides transfer agency services to the AGF mutual funds. 	AGF Management Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	494	March 13, 1995
AAV	Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. is an intermediate natural gas and liquids development and production company. The Company is engaged in the business of natural gas exploitation, development, acquisition and production in the Province of Alberta. It operates in the Montney resource play located in Western Canada. Its Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (Advantage) segment develops and operates a natural gas focused property in Alberta. The Company is focused on development of its Glacier, Alberta area. The Company has drilled approximately 20 Montney gas wells and a service well. The Glacier property lies along the Alberta side of the border with British Columbia between Grande Prairie, Alberta and Dawson Creek, British Columbia. The primary zones of interest are within the Triassic Montney and Doig formation siltstones. The Glacier property consists of approximately 80 net sections of land with Doig/Montney interests. The Company owns and operates a working interest gas plant located at 5-02-76-12W6. 	Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	26	September 5, 2007
ARE	Aecon Group Inc. is a construction and infrastructure development company. The Company operates through four segments: Infrastructure, Energy, Mining and Concessions. The Infrastructure segment includes all aspects of the construction of both public and private infrastructure in Canada, and on a selected basis, internationally. The Energy segment encompasses a suite of service offerings to the energy sector, including industrial, construction and manufacturing activities, such as in-plant construction, site construction and module assembly. The Mining segment offers services consolidating its mining capabilities and services across Canada, including both mine site installations and contract mining. This segment focuses on delivering construction services. The Concessions segment includes development, financing, construction and operation of infrastructure projects by way of build-operate-transfer, build-own-operate-transfer and other public-private partnership contract structures. 	Aecon Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	1862	May 16, 1978
AHY.UN	nul	Advantaged Canadian High Yield Bond Fund			--	
ARE.DB.B	nul	Aecon Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	
AOI	Africa Oil Corp. (AOC) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company has oil and gas interest in Kenya and Ethiopia. The Company focuses on the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas assets, located in under-explored geographic areas, in the early phase of the upstream oil and gas life-cycle. The Company has explored on multiple onshore exploration blocks in various geological settings in East Africa. It has made various oil discoveries in the South Lokichar Basin (Blocks 10BB and 13T) located in the Tertiary Rift trend in Kenya. The Company's appraisal activities include extended well testing, appraisal drilling and engineering studies and sanctioning development of the oil fields in the South Lokichar Basin. Its blocks 10BA, 10BB, 12A, 13T, South Omo, and the Rift Basin Area are located in the East African Tertiary Rift trend. It has interests in Block 9, Block 10BB, Block 12A, Block 13T, Block 10BA, South Omo and Rift Basin Area. 	Africa Oil Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 29, 1983
AFN	Ag Growth International Inc. is a Canada-based manufacturer of agricultural equipment. The Company focuses on grain handling, storage and conditioning products. The Company's products service both Farm and Commercial markets, and sells to farmers, contractors and corporate entities. The Company manufactures in Canada, the United States and Europe. The Company's Farm business consists of portable grain handling equipment, including grain augers, belt conveyors and grain vacuums. The Company's Commercial business consists of high capacity grain handling and conditioning equipment including enclosed belt conveyors, chain conveyors and bucket elevators. The Company's Applegate manufactures livestock equipment and commercial and farm capacity storage bin unload equipment. The Company's Mepu is a manufacturer of portable and stationary grain dryers. 	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	659	December 31, 2009
AFN.DB.A	nul	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
AFN.DB.B	nul	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
AFN.DB.C	nul	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
ACR.UN	Agellan Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust is an unincorporated, open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The objectives of the Company are to provide investors with stable, predictable and growing cash distributions on a tax-efficient basis; enhance the value of its assets and maximize long-term unit holder value through active management, and expand the asset base and increase its adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) per unit, including through acquisitions. Its segments are Canada and the United States. It invests in income producing properties in the United States and Canada in the industrial, office and retail asset classes. The Company's portfolio contains approximately 4.7 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) in approximately 30 properties. These properties are located in Texas (17 properties), Georgia (seven properties), Ontario (two properties), Ohio (two properties) and each of Quebec, Illinois, Indiana, and North Carolina (one property each). 	Agellan Commercial Real Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AJX	AgJunction Inc. is a machine control solutions provider. The Company is engaged in precision agriculture business and develops products to enhance the efficiency and productivity of agricultural activities through the use of technology. It designs, manufactures and markets products and applications incorporating technologies that provide automation and navigation solutions through the integration of global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) positioning, and other technologies for precision machine guidance, steering and flow control. It operates through agriculture products segment. Its products offer positioning and machine control capabilities for the agriculture sector, including machine control and auto-steering systems. Its product lines include positioning sensor technology, displays and software applications, and ground and aerial guidance solutions and machine control. It offers agriculture products, air agriculture products and Novariant products. 	AgJunction Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	152	July 31, 1990
AEM	Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a gold producer with mining operations in northwestern Quebec, northern Mexico, northern Finland and Nunavut and exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America and the United States. The Company operates through three business units. The Northern Business consists of its operations in Canada and Finland. The Company's Canadian properties include the LaRonde mine, the Lapa mine, the Goldex mine, the Meadowbank mine and the Meliadine project, and Canadian Malartic Mine. The operations in Finland include the Kittila mine. The Southern Business consists of its operations in Mexico. Its Pinos Altos mine includes the Creston Mascota deposit. The La India mine is owned by its indirect subsidiary. Its Exploration group focuses on the identification of new mineral reserves and mineral resources, and new development opportunities in gold producing regions. Its exploration activities are concentrated in Canada, Europe, Latin America and the United States. 	Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	5093	June 1, 1972
AGT	AGT Food and Ingredients Inc. (AGT), formerly Alliance Grain Traders Inc., is a processor and splitter of pulse crops. The Company is engaged in pulse and staple food processing and distribution, with processing facilities and sales offices located around the world. It operates in three segments: Pulse and Grain Processing, which includes the operations of AGT subsidiaries and facilities in Canada, the United States, Australia, China and a portion of the operations in Turkey; Trading and Distribution, which includes operations in Europe, Russia, India and a portion of the operations in Canada, Turkey and Australia, and Food Ingredients and Packaged Foods, which include subsidiaries and facilities in the United States, Canada, South Africa and a portion of the operations in Turkey. AGT operates a retail packaged foods business, including packaged pasta under the Arbella brand name, and a retail business unit in Canada, offering various food products under the CLIC brand. 	AGT Food and Ingredients Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	1800	July 2, 2009
AGU	Agrium Inc. is a producer and distributor of agricultural products and services. The Company categorizes its segments within the Retail and Wholesale business units. The Retail business unit distributes crop nutrients, crop protection products, seed, merchandise and services directly to growers through a network of farm centers in two geographical segments: North America, which includes the United States and Canada, and International, which includes Australia and South America. The Wholesale business unit produces, markets and distributes crop nutrients and industrial products through businesses, including Nitrogen, which includes manufacturing in Alberta, Texas and Argentina; Potash, which includes mining and processing in Saskatchewan; Phosphate, which includes mining and production facilities in Alberta and Idaho, and Wholesale Other, which includes producing blended crop nutrients and environmentally smart nitrogen (ESN) polymer-coated nitrogen crop nutrients. 	Agrium Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	15200	December 21, 1992
AIM	Aimia Inc. is a Canada-based data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates in the regional business segments of Canada; the United States and Asia-Pacific (US & APAC), and Europe, the Middle-East and Africa (EMEA). In Canada, it owns and operates the Aeroplan Program, a coalition loyalty program. In EMEA, it owns and operates coalition loyalty programs, including Nectar UK and Air Miles Middle East, through over 60% ownership interest. Its EMEA segment also provides data-driven analytics and insights services in the United Kingdom and internationally to retailers and their suppliers. In addition, it develops analytical tools to provide services to clients globally to collect, analyze and derive actionable insight from their customer data. In each of the regions, it provides loyalty services, including loyalty program strategy, design, launch and operation of platforms, including Aimia Loyalty Platform and Smart Button. 	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	4711	May 5, 2008
AIM.PR.A	nul	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
AIM.PR.B	nul	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
AIM.PR.C	nul	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
AC	Air Canada is a domestic, United States transborder and international airline company. The Company is a provider of scheduled passenger services in the Canadian market, the Canada-United States transborder market and in the international market to and from Canada. The Company's mainline operates a fleet of over 170 aircraft, including Airbus narrow-body aircraft, Boeing and Airbus wide-body aircraft, and Embraer 190 regional jets. Air Canada rouge operates a fleet of approximately 40 aircraft, which includes Airbus A319 aircraft, Airbus A321 aircraft and Boeing 767-300 aircraft. The Company offers in-flight wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) connectivity to its customers on its mainline narrow-body aircraft within North America, including the Airbus A320 and Embraer 190 aircraft, as well as its Air Canada Express Embraer 175 aircraft and Bombardier CRJ-705. It operates approximately 1,580 daily scheduled flights to over 190 direct destinations in approximately five continents. 	Air Canada	Industrials	Airlines	24863	November 24, 2006
BOS	AirBoss of America Corp. is engaged in the manufacture of rubber-based products for resource, military, automotive and industrial markets. It operates in three segments: Rubber Compounding, Engineered Products and Automotive. The Company, through its AirBoss Rubber Compounding division, is engaged in custom rubber compounding, supplying mixed rubber for use in mining, transportation, industrial rubber products, military, automotive, conveyor belting, and other products, mainly in North America. Engineered Products is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of personal protection and safety products for Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear (CBRN) hazards, as well as communicable diseases and respiratory threats for the individual, First Responder, Medical, Military, Law Enforcement, Fire and Industrial communities. Its Automotive division designs, engineers and manufactures rubber and synthetic rubber products, such as bushings, dampeners, boots and isolators. 	AirBoss of America Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Tires & Rubber Products	968	October 13, 1989
AKT.A	AKITA Drilling Ltd. (AKITA) is engaged in providing contract drilling services, primarily to the oil and gas industry. The Company is involved in other forms of drilling, including potash mining and the development of storage caverns. The Company owns and operates approximately 31 drilling rigs in Canada. The Company manages its business through approximately two geographic regions, which include Canada and the United States. The Company specializes in the construction and retrofit of heavy oil pad drilling rigs associated with Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) operations. Its rigs are used in operations spanning Fort McMurray, the Alberta oil sands region. The Company also has shale gas operations in the Horn River Basin area of Northeast British Columbia. AKITA is involved in drilling horizontal shale gas wells, with a fleet of deep capacity triple rigs in the areas of Alberta and British Columbia, including the Montney, Duvernay and Horn River regions. 	AKITA Drilling Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	648	November 3, 1992
AKT.B	AKITA Drilling Ltd. (AKITA) is engaged in providing contract drilling services, primarily to the oil and gas industry. The Company is involved in other forms of drilling, including potash mining and the development of storage caverns. The Company owns and operates approximately 31 drilling rigs in Canada. The Company manages its business through approximately two geographic regions, which include Canada and the United States. The Company specializes in the construction and retrofit of heavy oil pad drilling rigs associated with Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) operations. Its rigs are used in operations spanning Fort McMurray, the Alberta oil sands region. The Company also has shale gas operations in the Horn River Basin area of Northeast British Columbia. AKITA is involved in drilling horizontal shale gas wells, with a fleet of deep capacity triple rigs in the areas of Alberta and British Columbia, including the Montney, Duvernay and Horn River regions. 	AKITA Drilling Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	648	November 3, 1992
ASR	Alacer Gold Corp. (Alacer) is an intermediate gold mining company. The Company operates in the segment of mining, development and exploration of mineral deposits in Turkey. The Company's principal products are gold, copper and silver. The Company has an interest in the Copler Gold Mine in Turkey. Its Copler Sulfide Expansion Project is a gold exploration project located in east-central Turkey. Its prospects include Yakuplu Southeast prospect, Yakuplu East prospect, Yakuplu North prospect, Bayramdere prospect and Dursunbey project. Its Yakuplu Southeast prospect is on approximately 80% Alacer-owned (Anagold) area and is characterized by gold-copper-silver mineralization, mainly hosted within iron rich gossans and altered wallrocks developed along shallow dipping contacts between diorite, ophiolite and limestone lithologies. Its Yakuplu North prospect is located on approximately 50% Alacer-owned (Kartaltepe) area. 	Alacer Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	420	
AGI	Alamos Gold Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and extraction of precious metals. The Company owns and operates the Young-Davidson mine in Canada. In addition, the Company owns the AgiDagi, Kirazli and Camyurt gold development projects in Turkey, the Lynn Lake gold project in Canada and the Esperanza gold project in Mexico. The Young-Davidson mine is located near the town of Matachewan in Northern Ontario, Canada. The Young-Davidson property consists of mineral leases and claims covering approximately 11,000 acres, which is situated on the site of approximately two past producing mines that produces over one million ounces of gold. The Mulatos mine is located within the Salamandra Concessions in the Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range in the east central portion of the State of Sonora, Mexico. The El Chanate mine is located in northeast of the town of Caborca in the state of Sonora, Mexico. 	Alamos Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1234	June 29, 2015
AGI.WT	nul	Alamos Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
AGI.WT.A	nul	Alamos Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
AD	Alaris Royalty Corp. is a Canada-based company providing capital to private businesses (individually, a Private Company Partner and collectively the Partners). The Company's operations consist of investments in private operating entities in the form of preferred limited partnership interests, preferred interest in limited liability corporations in the United States, or long-term license and royalty arrangements. The Company is an equity provider to service a niche in the capital market, such as steady growth companies with an entrepreneurial management team, incentivized to grow and maintain control of their business. It forms partnerships with private companies where owners want to maintain control of their business (day-to-day operations, corporate culture and long-term objectives). It participates in the business of its Private Company Partners through non-control equity ownership. The Company's subsidiaries include Alaris Cooperatief, U.A. and Alaris USA Inc. 	Alaris Royalty Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	July 15, 2009
AF	AlarmForce Industries Inc. is a Canada-based company, which provides home protection and personal monitoring services. The Company operates through security monitoring and related services segment. The Company's line of personal protection products consists of its AlarmCare line of personal emergency response (PERS) products. Its brands include ALARMFORCE, ALARMFORCE VIDEORELAY and ALARMCARE. Its offerings in security systems include home security systems, business security systems, sensors and detectors, smartphone control and security camera. Its offerings in home automation systems include security camera, smart door locks, wireless fidelity (WiFi) power plug, smartphone control and WiFi thermostat. Its offerings in medical alert systems include AlarmCare with Fall Detection and AlarmCare Panic Button. Its products include AlarmForce Connect, VideoRelay Home Video Surveillance and AlarmPlus. The Company has operations in North America, including Canada and the United States. 	AlarmForce Industries Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	157	November 16, 1988
ADV	Alderon Iron Ore Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage company engaged in conducting iron ore evaluation activities related to its Canadian properties, which are located in western Labrador in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador (collectively referred to as the Kamistiatusset, or Kami, Property). The Company is focused on developing its asset, the Kami Property, which is located next to the mining towns of Wabush and Labrador City. The Kami Property is surrounded by approximately two producing mines and includes over 305 claims in Labrador for a total of approximately 7,625 hectares. 	Alderon Iron Ore Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	1	March 21, 1978
AXR	Alexco Resource Corp. (Alexco) operates two businesses: a mining business, consisting of mineral exploration and mine development and operation in Canada, located in Yukon Territory, and through its Alexco Environmental Group (AEG), an environmental services business, providing consulting, remediation solutions and project management services in respect of environmental permitting and compliance and site remediation, in Canada and the United States. The Company's principal mining business activities are being carried out within the Keno Hill Silver District (KHSD) in Yukon Territory. The KHSD project is located near the village of Keno City, approximately 350 kilometers north of Whitehorse, Yukon. The KHSD property comprises the Flame & Moth, Bellekeno and Lucky Queen deposits, as well as the Onek, Bermingham properties and Elsa Tailings properties. It holds various other property interests within KHSD, including Silver King, Husky and McQuesten, and other properties. 	Alexco Resource Corp	Industrials	Environmental Services	60	December 28, 2007
ALC.DB	nul	Algoma Central Corp	Industrials	Marine Transportation	--	
AQN	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (APUC) is a Canada-based company engaged in owning and operating a portfolio of regulated and non-regulated generation, distribution and transmission utility assets. APUC's operations are organized across three business units consisting of Generation, Transmission and Distribution. The Generation Business Group (Generation Group) owns and operates a portfolio of non-regulated renewable and thermal electric generation utility assets; the Transmission Business Group (Transmission Group) is responsible for evaluating and capitalizing upon natural gas pipeline and electric transmission asset opportunities in North America, and the Distribution Business Group (Distribution Group) owns and operates a portfolio of North American electric, natural gas, and water distribution and wastewater collection utility systems. The Generation Group has interests in hydroelectric, wind, solar and thermal facilities. 	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	1466	August 1, 1988
ALC	Algoma Central Corporation owns and operates the Canadian flag fleet of dry and liquid bulk carriers operating on the Great Lakes-St. Lawrence Waterway. The Company operates through three segments: Domestic Dry-Bulk, Product Tankers and Ocean Shipping. Its Domestic Dry-Bulk marine transportation segment includes ownership and management of the operational and commercial activities of the Company's 24 vessel domestic dry-bulk fleet. Its Domestic Dry-Bulk segment also includes a diversified ship repair and steel fabricating facility active in the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence regions of Canada and the operational management of vessels owned by other ship owners. Its Product Tankers marine transportation segment includes direct ownership and management of the operational and commercial activities of seven Canadian flag tanker vessels. Its Ocean Shipping marine transportation segment includes ownership of over two ocean-going selfunloading vessels. 	Algoma Central Corp	Industrials	Marine Transportation	2000	June 30, 1989
AQN.IR	nul	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AQN.PR.A	nul	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AQN.PR.D	nul	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AQX.A	Alignvest Acquisition Corp is a Canada-based investment shell company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of one or more businesses or assets through the merger, amalgamation, arrangement, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase and reorganization or any other similar business combination. Furthermore, the Company intends to focus its search for target businesses that operate in North America and Canada in a range of sectors. 	Alignvest Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 11, 2015
AQX.WT	nul	Alignvest Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ATD.A	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. focuses on the convenience store industry. The Company focuses on the sale of goods for immediate consumption, road transportation fuel and other products through stores and franchise operations. The Company operates its convenience store and road transportation fuel retailing chain under several banners, including Circle K, Couche-Tard, Mac's, Kangaroo Express, Statoil, Ingo, Topaz and Re.Store. The Company focuses on various categories, including merchandise and services, road transportation fuel and other. The Company holds contracts with franchisees and independent operators. Its merchandise sales primarily consist of the sale of tobacco products, grocery items, candy and snacks, beverages, beer, wine and fresh food offerings, including quick service restaurants. Its merchandise sales in Europe also include the sale of merchandise and goods to certain independent operators and franchisees made from the Company's distribution center. 	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	80000	July 4, 1994
ABK.A	Allbanc Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company holds a portfolio of common shares (the portfolio shares) of Bank of Montreal, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada and The Toronto-Dominion Bank (collectively, the Banks) in order to generate income for the holders of the Company's preferred shares and to enable the holders of the Company's capital shares (the Capital Shares) to participate in any capital appreciation in the portfolio shares and to benefit from any increase in the dividends payable on the portfolio shares. The policy of the Company is to invest in portfolio shares and not engage in trading except in limited circumstances, including to fund retractions or redemptions of capital shares and preferred shares. The Company may engage in securities lending transactions in order to generate additional returns. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. provides all administrative services for the Company. 	AllBanc Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 17, 1997
ATD.B	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. focuses on the convenience store industry. The Company focuses on the sale of goods for immediate consumption, road transportation fuel and other products through stores and franchise operations. The Company operates its convenience store and road transportation fuel retailing chain under several banners, including Circle K, Couche-Tard, Mac's, Kangaroo Express, Statoil, Ingo, Topaz and Re.Store. The Company focuses on various categories, including merchandise and services, road transportation fuel and other. The Company holds contracts with franchisees and independent operators. Its merchandise sales primarily consist of the sale of tobacco products, grocery items, candy and snacks, beverages, beer, wine and fresh food offerings, including quick service restaurants. Its merchandise sales in Europe also include the sale of merchandise and goods to certain independent operators and franchisees made from the Company's distribution center. 	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	80000	July 4, 1994
ALB	Allbanc Split Corp. II is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company holds a portfolio (the Portfolio Shares) of common shares of Bank of Montreal, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Royal Bank of Canada and The Toronto-Dominion Bank in order to generate income for the holders of the Company's preferred shares (the Preferred Shares) and to enable the holders of the Company's capital shares (the Capital Shares) to participate in any capital appreciation in the Portfolio Shares and to benefit from any increase in the dividends payable on the Portfolio Shares. The policy of the Company is to invest in Portfolio Shares and not engage in trading except in limited circumstances, including fund retractions or redemptions of Capital Shares and Preferred Shares. The Company will sell or purchase Portfolio Shares on a pro rata basis based on the weightings of Portfolio Shares at the time of the purchase or sale. 	Allbanc Split Corp II	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	December 7, 2005
ABK.PR.C	nul	AllBanc Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ALB.PR.C	nul	Allbanc Split Corp II	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AP.UN	Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based closed-end real estate investment trust (REIT). The Trust is an owner, manager and developer of urban office properties. The Trust operates in approximately 10 urban markets in Canada, including Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Winnipeg, Quebec City, Kitchener, Calgary, Edmonton, Victoria and Vancouver. Its properties under development include 250 Front West, Toronto for telecommunications and information technology; 485 King West, Toronto for office and retail; The Breithaupt Block, Phase II, Kitchener for office; TELUS Sky, Calgary for office and residential, and Adelaide & Duncan, Toronto for office and residential. It operates in geographical locations, which include Eastern Canada, Central Canada and Western Canada. Its portfolio consists of approximately 150 investment properties, including rental properties, development properties and ancillary parking facilities, consisting of over 10.4 million square feet of space. 	Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AMM	Almaden Minerals Ltd. is exploration- and development-stage company and is engaged in the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation properties in Canada, the United States and Mexico. The Company is engaged in the business of the acquisition of mineral properties. Its principal property interest includes the Tuligtic Property/Project-Mexico. It has interest in ATW Resources Ltd. (ATW) that holds title in trust for the ATW project. It holds an interest in the Logan property located in the Yukon Territory, Canada. It has approximately two subsidiaries, including Puebla Holdings Inc., which is a holding company and Minera Gorrion, S.A. de C.V., which is an exploration company. Its Ixtaca deposit, the epithermal gold-silver target within the Tuligtic Property, is located approximately eight kilometers northwest of the town of San Francisco Ixtacamaxtitlan. The Company has not generated any revenues from its operations. 	Almaden Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	8	December 31, 2001
ALA	AltaGas Ltd. is a Canada-based energy infrastructure company. The Company operates through three segments: Gas, Power and Utilities. The Gas segment transacts approximately two billion cubic feet per day (Bcf/d) of natural gas and includes natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas liquids extraction and separation, transmission, storage and natural gas marketing, as well as its interest in Petrogas Energy Corp. The Power segment includes generation assets located across North America with over 2,000 megawatt (MW) of capacity from over five fuel types, with opportunities to expand in California and across the United States, as well as the opportunity to develop new gas-fired and renewable generation in Alberta to replace coal. The Utilities segment serves over 560,000 customers through ownership of regulated natural gas distribution utilities across North America and a regulated natural gas storage utility in the United States, delivering natural gas to homes and businesses. 	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	1542	July 1, 2010
ALA.PR.A	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.E	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.B	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.G	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.I	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.U	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
AXY	Alterra Power Corp. is engaged in the ownership, operation, development and acquisition of renewable power projects. The Company operates over six power plants totaling over 750 megawatts (MW) of capacity. Its portfolio includes Reykjanes, which is approximately 100 MW geothermal power generation facility in Iceland; Svartsengi, which is over 70 MW geothermal power generation facility in Iceland; Toba Montrose, which includes the over 140 MW hydro power generation facility of Toba and approximately 90 MW hydro power generation facility of Montrose; Dokie 1, which is over 140 MW wind power generation facility at British Columbia, Canada, and Shannon, which is over 200 MW wind power generation facility in Texas. Its portfolio of development projects in Iceland include Reykjanes 3-4, Bruarvirkjun and Skufnavatnavirkjun; in Canada include Bute Inlet, South Toba projects and Coastal wind projects, and in the United States include Soda Lake Solar and Multiple wind projects. 	Alterra Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	119	January 22, 2008
ALS	Altius Minerals Corporation is a mining royalty and mineral project generation company. The Company is engaged in the generation and acquisition of mineral resource projects, royalties and investments. The royalty interests cover mining operations producing copper, zinc, nickel, cobalt, precious metals, potash, and thermal (electrical) and metallurgical coal. It holds royalty interests in approximately 10 producing assets in Canada that include over 4% net smelter return (NSR) royalty on 777 copper-zinc mine in Manitoba, approximately six potash mines and over five coal mines located in western Canada, and a royalty on the Bay nickel-copper-cobalt mine in Labrador, as well as interests in the Chapada Mine in Brazil. It also holds equity interests in non-precious metals royalty companies, as well as various junior mineral exploration companies. Its exploration assets also include Natashquan River-Nickel, Julienne Lake Iron Ore deposit, Taylor Brook-Nickel and others. 	Altius Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	15	March 5, 1997
AIF	Altus Group Ltd provides independent advisory services, software and data solutions. The Company's segments include Property Tax Consulting (Property Tax); Research, Valuation & Advisory (RVA); ARGUS Software; Geomatics, and Cost Consulting & Project Management (Cost). The Property Tax segment performs property tax assessment reviews and appeals, and assists with property tax compliance filings. The RVA segment performs real estate valuations, litigation support, financial due diligence, research and real estate-related services. The ARGUS Software segment offers software and solutions for analysis and management of commercial real estate investments. The Geomatics segment provides geomatics solutions, such as geographic information systems, digital mapping, remote sensing, three-dimensional laser scanning and orthophoto maps. The Cost segment provides construction cost planning, loan monitoring and project management services to construction companies and financial institutions. 	Altus Group Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	1700	April 13, 2011
AIF.DB.A	nul	Altus Group Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
AYA	Amaya Inc. is a Canada-based provider of technology-based products and services in the global gaming and interactive entertainment industries. The Company's business-to-consumer (B2C) business consists of the operations of Amaya Group Holding (IOM) Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively Rational Group). Rational Group offers products and services, such as online (including desktop and mobile) real- and play-money poker and other products, including casino and sports betting (also known as sportsbook). Rational Group also produces or sponsors certain live poker tours and events, branded poker rooms in casinos in cities around the world and poker programming for television and online audiences. It owns and operates gaming and related interactive entertainment businesses, which it offers under various owned brands, including PokerStars, Full Tilt, BetStars, StarsDraft, European Poker Tour, PokerStars Caribbean Adventure, Latin American Poker Tour and Asia Pacific Poker Tour. 	Amaya Inc	Technology	Software	1991	January 30, 2004
HOT.UN	American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP is a Canada-based limited partnership company that invests in hotel real estate properties primarily in the United States. The principal business of the Company is to issue units and to acquire and hold shares of the American Hotel Income Properties REIT Inc. (U.S. REIT). It operates in two segments: the Rail Hotels and Branded Hotels. Its portfolio of Rail Hotels consists of approximately 50 properties representing approximately 3,720 rooms. All of the properties are operated under its own Oak Tree Inn brand and are designed or converted to fulfill the operating needs of railroad operators. Penny's Diner restaurants consist of approximately 30-unit restaurant chain servicing Oak Tree Inn hotel guests, drive-by guests and local residents. Its portfolio of Branded Hotels consists of over 40 hotel properties representing approximately 3,330 rooms. The Branded Hotels are located near airports, highway interchanges and other transportation hubs. 	American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	October 12, 2012
USA	Americas Silver Corporation is engaged in producing silver with assets in Americas and has an operating platform. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and exploration of mineral resource properties in Mexico and the United States. It has operations in silver camps, such as Cosala Operations in Sinaloa, Mexico and the Galena Complex in Idaho, the United States. Its Cosala Operations include a diamond drilling program totaling approximately 2,800 meters at Nuestra Senora. The Cosala mining district is located in the east-central portion of the state of Sinaloa, Mexico along the western edge of the Sierra Madre Occidental, a volcanic province covering approximately 800,000 square kilometers. The Galena Complex is located in the Coeur d'Alene Mining District in Shoshone County. Its primary assets are the operating Galena Mine and Mill, the Coeur Mine and Mill and the Caladay Zone. It has drilled approximately 1,320 meters underground at the Galena Complex. 	Americas Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	503	May 12, 1998
ACZ.UN	American Core Sectors Dividend Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unit holders with stable monthly cash distributions and enhance long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund invests in a diversified, actively managed portfolio consisting primarily of dividend-paying securities with a focus on the United States consumer, financials, industrials and information technology sectors. The Fund invests in sectors, including financials, consumer staples, consumer discretionary, industrials, technology, healthcare, materials and telecommunication service. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) is the investment advisor of the Fund. 	American Core Sectors Dividend Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 28, 2013
ARG	Amerigo Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the production of copper and molybdenum concentrates through its subsidiary, Minera Valle Central S.A. (MVC). MVC is engaged in the business of processing copper tailings in Chile. MVC's processing facilities are located in Region VI (Libertador Bernardo O'Higgins Region) of central Chile. The site is approximately eight kilometers east of the city of Rancagua and over 90 kilometers south of Santiago. MVC is involved in reprocessing tailings generated from the El Teniente mine. El Teniente is a porphyry copper-molybdenum deposit located in the Andes of central Chile. MVC processes both fresh tailings, historic tailings from the Colihues tailings deposit located south of the MVC plant, and historic tailings from the Cauquenes tailings deposit located next to the Colihues deposit. MVC processes approximately 124,000 tons per day of fresh tailings and over 58,000 tons per day of historic tailings from Cauquenes. 	Amerigo Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	169	January 23, 1984
ANX	Anaconda Mining Inc. is a Canada-based gold mining and mineral exploration company. The Company owns the Pine Cove mine and mill in Baie Verter, Canada and controls approximately 6,000 hectares on the Mings Bight Peninsula, which is situated within the lkarger Baie Verte Peninsula on the north-central part of Newfoundland. The Company holds mineral exploration rights to the project that cover prospective rocks of the Point Rousse ophiolite complex which is known to host Mother-Lode-Style gold mineralization. The mineralization consists of shear hosted gold associated with pyrite, as well as visible gold with minor base metal sulphides in quartz veins. The Pine Cove open pit operation has a remaining life of approximately five years. The onsite mill is a crush, ball mill and flotation circuit that produces a gold-pyrite concentrate, cyanide leach, filtration and Merrill Crowe gold recovery circuit with an average throughput of approximately 900 tons per day. 	Anaconda Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	July 22, 2002
AND	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
ARX	ARC Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company's business activities include the exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids in over five areas across western Canada. The Company is focused on the acquisition and development of resource-rich properties that provide an option for both near-term and long-term growth. Its properties are located at Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and within the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan or Manitoba. Its assets in northeast British Columbia are located in the Montney resource play. Its Ante Creek property is located within the oil prone Montney trend, and produces a mixture of gas, oil and liquids. Its Pembina Cardium field is located in western Canada. Its South Central Alberta area includes a range of assets from southern and central Alberta to southwest Saskatchewan. Its southeast Saskatchewan properties include Lougheed, Weyburn and Midale. 	ARC Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	502	
ADW.A	Andrew Peller Limited, formerly Andres Wines Ltd., is a Canada-based company, which produces and markets wines. The Company has wineries in British Columbia, Ontario and Nova Scotia. Its Vintners Quality Alliance brands include Peller Estates, Trius, Hillebrand, Sandhill and Red Rooster, among others. It produces and markets premium personal winemaking products through its wholly owned subsidiary, Global Vintners Inc. (GVI), which is engaged in personal winemaking products. GVI distributes products through over 170 retailers and over 600 independent retailers across Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia and China. GVI's winemaking brands include Selection, Vintners Reserve, Island Mist, KenRidge, Cheeky Monkey, Traditional Vintage and Cellar Craft. It owns and operates over 100 independent retail locations in Ontario under The Wine Shop, Wine Country Vintners, and Wine Country Merchants store names. It produces wine-based under the brand Panama Jack. 	Andrew Peller Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	1162	April 1, 2007
ADW.B	Andrew Peller Limited, formerly Andres Wines Ltd., is a Canada-based company, which produces and markets wines. The Company has wineries in British Columbia, Ontario and Nova Scotia. Its Vintners Quality Alliance brands include Peller Estates, Trius, Hillebrand, Sandhill and Red Rooster, among others. It produces and markets premium personal winemaking products through its wholly owned subsidiary, Global Vintners Inc. (GVI), which is engaged in personal winemaking products. GVI distributes products through over 170 retailers and over 600 independent retailers across Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia and China. GVI's winemaking brands include Selection, Vintners Reserve, Island Mist, KenRidge, Cheeky Monkey, Traditional Vintage and Cellar Craft. It owns and operates over 100 independent retail locations in Ontario under The Wine Shop, Wine Country Vintners, and Wine Country Merchants store names. It produces wine-based under the brand Panama Jack. 	Andrew Peller Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	1162	April 1, 2007
APY	Anglo Pacific Group PLC (Anglo Pacific) is a United Kingdom-based company, which focuses on royalties connected with the mining of natural resources. The Company's producing royalties include Kestrel, Narrabri, Maracas Menchen, El Valle- Boinas/Carles (EVBC) and Four Mile. The Company's development royalties include Salamanca, Groundhog, and Amapa & Tucano. The Company's early-stage royalties include Pilbara, Ring of Fire and Dugbe 1. Kestrel is an underground coal mine located in the Bowen Basin, Queensland, Australia. The Company holds interests in the Narrabri coal project, which is located in New South Wales, Australia. The Narrabri royalty includes the Narrabri mine, and the Narrabri South project. The Maracas Menchen project is located in approximately 250 kilometers south-west of the city of Salvador, the capital of Bahia State, Brazil. EVBC is located in the Rio Narcea Gold Belt of northern Spain. The Salamanca uranium project is located in Spain. 	Anglo Pacific Group PLC			11	February 7, 1967
APS	Aptose Biosciences Inc. (Aptose) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in the development of anticancer drugs that target specific epigenetic processes and signal transduction abnormalities that underlie a particular life-threatening malignancy. Its product pipeline includes cancer drug candidates that exert activity as stand-alone agents and that enhance the activities of other anticancer agents without causing overlapping toxicities. The Company develops therapeutics focused on epigenetic processes and signal transduction abnormalities at the edge of cancer research, coupled with companion diagnostics to identify the optimal patient population for its products. The Company's APTO-253 is a small molecule that can induce expression of the genes that codes for the Kruppel-like factor 4 (KLF4) master transcription factor and the p21 cell cycle inhibitor protein. 	Aptose Biosciences Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	22	November 1, 2006
AQA	Aquila Resources Inc. is engaged in exploration for and development of mineral properties. The Company operates through the acquisition and exploration of precious metals projects segment. The primary asset of the Company is its interest in the Back Forty Project located in Menominee County, Michigan. The Back Forty Project is a development-stage volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) deposit containing gold, zinc, lead, silver and copper located in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, the United States. Back Forty Project is a poly-metallic project, which contains approximately one million ounces of gold and one billion pounds of zinc. Its two other exploration projects include Reef Gold Project (Reef) located in Marathon County Wisconsin, and the Bend Project (Bend) located in Taylor County, Wisconsin. Reef is a gold copper property and Bend is a volcanogenic massive sulfide occurrence containing copper and gold. At Reef Project, the Company has completed over 42 diamond drill holes. 	Aquila Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 17, 1997
ARZ	Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a Canada-based specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on acquiring, developing and commercializing products in cardiovascular, pain and other areas. The Company's products include Fibricor, Cambia, Fiorinal, Fiorinal C, Soriatane, Bezalip SR, NeoVisc, Uracyst, Durela, Proferrin, Resultz and Collatamp G. Its development products include YOSPRALA and Bilastine. Fibricor (fenofibric acid) is indicated as a complementary therapy along with diet for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia, and as a complementary therapy along with diet to reduce elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (Total-C), triglycerides (TG) and apolipoprotein B (Apo B). Fibricor is also used to increase high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (HDL-C) in patients with hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia. Cambia (diclofenac potassium for oral solution) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). 	Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc			105	December 2, 2015
RGX	Argex Titanium Inc. is a producer of titanium dioxide (TiO2). The Company has developed a chemical process for the production of TiO2 to be used in paint, plastics, coatings, cosmetics, food, pharmaceutical and other TiO2 applications, and the production of iron by-products. The Company has mining interests in the properties, including La Blache property, which is located approximately 120 kilometers to the northwest of the city of Baie-Comeau, Quebec; Lac Brule property, which is located approximately 95 kilometers northwest of Forestville, Quebec, and Mouchalagane property, which is located approximately 300 kilometers north of BaieComeau, Quebec. The Company's subsidiaries include Impact Iron Mines Inc. and Argex Canada Inc. It has interests in Canadian Titanium Limited, which commercializes technology developed for the production of high-purity TiO2 suitable for pigment production. 	Argex Titanium Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	25	March 17, 2005
RGX.DB	nul	Argex Titanium Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
AR	Argonaut Gold Inc. is engaged in gold mining, mine development and mineral exploration activities at gold-bearing mineral properties in North America. The Company's segments are El Castillo, La Colorada, San Antonio, Magino, and Corporate and other. It owns the producing El Castillo mine in the State of Durango, Mexico; the producing La Colorada mine in the State of Sonora, Mexico; the advanced exploration-stage San Antonio property in the State of Baja California Sur, Mexico; the advanced exploration-stage Magino property in the Province of Ontario, Canada; the advanced exploration-stage San Agustin property located approximately 10 kilometers from the El Castillo mine in the State of Durango, Mexico, and various other exploration stage projects, all of which are located in North America. Its producing El Castillo mine and the advanced exploration-stage San Agustin projects are reported in the El Castillo segment. It operates in the mining industry and its principal product is gold. 	Argonaut Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	638	April 3, 2007
AZ	Arizona Mining Inc., formerly AZ Mining Inc., is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and if warranted, development of natural mineral resource properties. It operates through mineral exploration and development segment. It is focused on the exploration and development of Hermosa Property. The Hermosa Property is a polymetallic mineral exploration project located in Santa Cruz County approximately 50 miles southeast of Tucson, Arizona and approximately eight miles north of the United States-Mexico border. Its Hermosa Property consists of deposits, including the Taylor Deposit and the Central Deposit. The Taylor Deposit is a lead-zinc-silver carbonate replacement deposit and Central Deposit is a silver-manganese manto oxide development project. The Company holds approximately 25 patented mining claims totaling over 450 acres. The Company has no revenues from operations. The Company's subsidiary is Arizona Minerals Inc. 	Arizona Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	14	January 20, 1975
ACO.X	Atco Ltd is a Canada-based company, which offers infrastructure solutions to customers around the world. The Company's segments include Structures & Logistics, Electricity, Pipelines & Liquids and Corporate & Other. Its Structures & Logistics segment consists of ATCO Structures & Logistics, ATCO Frontec and ATCO Sustainable Communities. Its Electricity segment consists of the generation, distribution and transmission businesses of ATCO Electric, ATCO Power and ATCO Power Australia. Its Pipelines & Liquids segment consists of ATCO Gas, ATCO Pipelines, ATCO Gas Australia, ATCO Energy Solutions and ATCO Pipelines Mexico. These businesses offer natural gas transmission, distribution and infrastructure development, natural gas liquids storage and processing, and industrial water solutions throughout Alberta and Western Australia. Its Corporate & Other segment consists of the commercial real estate owned by the Company in Alberta, business development activities associated with ATCO Energy. 	Atco Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	7860	August 31, 1962
ACO.Y	Atco Ltd is a Canada-based company, which offers infrastructure solutions to customers around the world. The Company's segments include Structures & Logistics, Electricity, Pipelines & Liquids and Corporate & Other. Its Structures & Logistics segment consists of ATCO Structures & Logistics, ATCO Frontec and ATCO Sustainable Communities. Its Electricity segment consists of the generation, distribution and transmission businesses of ATCO Electric, ATCO Power and ATCO Power Australia. Its Pipelines & Liquids segment consists of ATCO Gas, ATCO Pipelines, ATCO Gas Australia, ATCO Energy Solutions and ATCO Pipelines Mexico. These businesses offer natural gas transmission, distribution and infrastructure development, natural gas liquids storage and processing, and industrial water solutions throughout Alberta and Western Australia. Its Corporate & Other segment consists of the commercial real estate owned by the Company in Alberta, business development activities associated with ATCO Energy. 	Atco Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	7860	August 31, 1962
AEI	Arsenal Energy Inc. (Arsenal) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration, development and production Company. The Company conducts its operations in the Western Canadian Sedimentary basin in Canada and the Williston basin in the United States. Arsenal operates in North Dakota in over three prospect areas: Stanley, which is located in Montrail County; Lindahl, which is located in Williams County, and Rennie Lake/Black Slough, which is located in Burke County. At Rennie Lake/Black Slough, the Company has over 8,360 net mineral acres prospective for Bakken and Midale production. Arsenal operates primarily in Alberta. In Alberta, Arsenal is focused on establishing and maintaining a base of crude production. It has exploration opportunities in the Cardium and Wilrich formations at Columbia. At Blackstone in the Deep Basin, it has a land block prospective for the Cardium and Wilrich. Its subsidiaries include Arsenal Energy USA Inc. and Arsenal Energy Holdings Ltd. 	Arsenal Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	33	August 3, 2000
AX.DB.U	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.A	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.E	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.G	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.U	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.UN	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust (Artis) is an unincorporated closed-end real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's objective is to provide stable, reliable and tax efficient monthly cash distributions, as well as long-term appreciation in the value of Artis' units. Its segments include Western Canada, which comprises British Columbia and Alberta; Central Canada, which comprises Saskatchewan and Manitoba, and Eastern Canada, which comprises Ontario. The Company's properties are diversified across industrial, retail, and office asset classes, and geographically across western Canada, Ontario, and in select markets in the United States. Its REIT portfolio includes over 250 commercial properties totaling approximately 26.2 million square feet of gross leasable area. Artis' portfolio includes Hudson's Bay Centre, Union Crossings II, Cargill R&D, Stampede Station II, Park 8Ninety, 601 Tower at Carlson, Corridor Park, Crowfoot Village, Shoppes of St. Vital and Union Crossings III. 	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AKG	Asanko Gold Inc. (Asanko) is an exploration and development-stage company. The Company is focused on advancing its principal project, the Asanko Gold Mine, to commercial production. The Company's segment is the exploration and development of resource properties. In addition to its principal project, the Company holds a portfolio of other Ghanaian gold concessions in various stages of exploration. The Asanko Gold Mine Project consists of its gold projects, the Obotan Gold Project and the Esaase Gold Project, both located in the Amansie West District of the Republic of Ghana, West Africa. The Asanko Gold Mine consists of approximately six open pit deposits over a 25 kilometers trend. Its subsidiary, PMI Gold Corporation (PMI), is a resource exploration and development company, which holds exploration and mining leases in the Ashanti and Asankrangwa Gold Belts of Ghana, Africa. The Asanko Gold Mine Project is located on the Asankrangwa gold belt in Ghana, West Africa. 	Asanko Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	380	September 23, 1999
MBB.UN	nul	Aston Hill Advantage Bond Fund			--	
AV.UN	Aston Hill Advantage VIP Income Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with high, monthly, tax-advantaged cash distributions and low management fees, together with the opportunity for capital appreciation, based on the performance of the portfolio of Aston Hill AVIP Trust (AVIP Trust). AVIP Trust seeks to achieve its investment objectives through active asset and sector allocation and by investing in those incomes producing securities. AVIP Trust has exposure to a diversified portfolio of income producing securities, including income trusts, dividend paying common shares, convertible debt, preferred shares and investment grade fixed income investments. AVIP Trust may invest in high yield debt and special situations, being foreign equities and non-dividend paying equities. The Fund is managed by Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. (the Manager). 	Aston Hill Advantage VIP Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AOG.UN	Aston Hill Advantage Oil & Gas Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide Unitholders with the benefits of high monthly tax advantaged distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation based on the performance of the oil and gas (O&G) Portfolio. The Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of a single class of transferable, redeemable units of beneficial interest, each of which represents an equal undivided interest in the net assets of the Fund. The Fund's investment portfolio includes cash, energy, exchange traded funds and Canadian corporate bonds. Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. is the Fund's manager that manages portfolios for institutional investors, provides portfolio advisory services and offers a suite of mutual funds. 	Aston Hill Advantage Oil and Gas Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 26, 2005
AHF	Aston Hill Financial Inc. is engaged in the management, marketing, distribution and administration of mutual funds, closed end funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, segregated institutional funds and other fee-based investment products for Canadian investors. The Company's segment is the activity related to asset management segment, which includes management, sub-advisory services and administration services for the Company's funds under management. Its services also include high net worth investment management, institutional investment management and portfolio advisory services in Canada. The Company's subsidiaries include Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. (AHAM), AHF Capital Partners Inc. (AHFCP), Aston Hill Financial Management Ltd., Aston Hill Energy 2014 GP Inc., Aston Hill Securities Inc., Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. and Aston Hill Holdings Ltd. AHAM is an investment fund manager, and AHFCP manages and provides sub-advisory services for its funds. 	Aston Hill Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	June 16, 1993
AHF.DB.A	nul	Aston Hill Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
VIP.UN	Aston Hill VIP Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide unitholders with the benefits of a high level monthly income, together with the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund holds a portfolio consisting of securities, including income trusts, dividend paying common shares, convertible debt, preferred shares and investment-grade fixed income investments. The investment portfolio of the Fund includes various investment categories, such as financials, foreign corporate bonds, energy, exchange-traded funds, industrials, materials, Canadian corporate bonds, telecommunication services, information technology, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, utilities, foreign currency forward contracts and cash. The Fund is managed by Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. (the Manager), which provides management and administrative services to the Fund. 	Aston Hill VIP Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AYM	Atalaya Mining PLC, formerly EMED Mining Public Limited, is a Cyprus-based new European copper company focused on the re-start of production at the Rio Tinto Copper Project. It comprises a number of deposits including one of the largest copper deposits in Spain and is located in the Iberian Pyrite Belt. The open-pit mine has Ore Reserves totaling approximately 600,000 tones of contained copper and a processing facility. 	Atalaya Mining PLC			--	September 17, 2004
ATA	ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc. (ATS) is an automation solutions provider. The Company is engaged in planning, designing, building, commissioning and servicing automated manufacturing and assembly systems, including automation products and test solutions. The Automation Systems segment designs and builds custom-engineered automated manufacturing and test systems, and provides pre-automation and post-automation services. ATS is engaged in offering custom automation, repeat automation, automation products and value-added services to address the needs of multinational customers in markets, such as life sciences, chemicals, consumer products, electronics, food, beverage, transportation, energy, and oil and gas. It engages with customers on both greenfield programs and brownfield programs. Its solutions include ATS SuperTrak conveyor system, ATS850 Clean Room Conveyor, ATS Cortex System, ATS OmniTrak and ATS SmartVision Software. 	ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	3500	
