symbol	description	name	sector	industry	employees	incorporated
APD.P	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
ABE	ABE Resources Inc., formerly Abitex Resources Inc., is a mineral resources exploration company. The Company's exploration sites are located in the province of Quebec in Canada. It has an interest or option to acquire an interest in the properties, which include Epsilon property, St-Stephen property, Mazarin property and Valrennes property. Its Epsilon property consists of approximately 100 claims covering over 5,460 hectares and is located approximately 300 kilometers northeast of Chibougamau, Quebec. Its St-Stephen property consists of approximately 200 claims located near the town of St. Stephen in the southwest corner of New Brunswick. Its Mazarin property is located approximately 50 kilometers north of Amos in Quebec's Abitibi region. It consists of approximately 70 claims covering over 3,710 hectares. Its Valrennes property is located approximately 30 kilometers northwest of the mining town of Joutel. The property consists of approximately 30 claims covering over 1,680 hectares. 	ABE Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 7, 1997
AME	Abacus Mining & Exploration Corporation (Abacus) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. The Company, through KGHM Ajax Mining Inc. (KGHM Ajax), is focused in the exploration and development of the Ajax copper-gold project located near Kamloops, British Columbia (the Ajax Project). The Ajax property comprises eight Crown grants, including the Ajax East and West pits. The property is 100% owned by KGHM Ajax. The Ajax project site is located at the southern extremity of the boundaries of the City of Kamloops and southeast along an existing haul road from the Afton mill, shop facilities, tailings area. 	Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 17, 1983
ABI	Abcourt Mines Inc. is a Canada-based mining, development and exploration company. The Company has five properties located in Canada. The Company is engaged in two mining projects categories in the advanced stage: Gold projects, and Silver, zinc and copper projects. The Gold projects properties include Elder mine property with 100% ownership and 34 contiguous claims, mining concession, treatment of gold mineralization, and Tagami property with 100% ownership and 10 claims. Silver, zinc and copper projects include Abcourt-Barvue Project with 80% Open pit and 20% underground in silver zinc mine, and Vendome project in underground copper, zinc, silver and gold mine. The Company is engaged in two advanced exploration projects: Aldermac property located near Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, Canada with resources in copper, zinc, silver and gold, and Jonpol property located near Amos, Quebec, Canada with resources in copper, zinc, silver and gold. 	Abcourt Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 10, 1995
ABN	Aben Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based gold, uranium and tungsten exploration company. The Company is engaged in the development of properties in the Yukon, Northwest Territories (NWT) and Saskatchewan's Athabasca Basin. The Company has interest in approximately 40,000 acres of uranium ground within the eastern flank of the Athabasca Basin in northern Saskatchewan. It owns a 40% interest and Skyharbour Resources, 60% interests in the Mann Lake property located approximately 25 kilometers south southwest (SSW) of the McArthur River Uranium Mine. The Company owns 48% of the HuardKirsch Lakes Uranium Project. The Company also owns a 100% interest in the Justin Gold Project, which is approximately 18,314. The Hit Gold Project, Yukon is located around 27 kilometers north-northeast of MacMillan Pass and totals to approximately 1,100 acres. 	Aben Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	September 30, 1982
APO	Acasti Pharma Inc. is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the research, development and commercialization of new krill oil-based forms of omega-3 phospholipid therapies for the treatment and prevention of certain cardiometabolic disorders, in particular abnormalities in blood lipids, also known as dyslipidemia. The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical applications of its licensed rights for cardiovascular diseases. CaPre, the Company's prescription drug candidate, is a purified omega-3 phospholipid concentrate derived from krill oil and is being developed to help prevent and treat hypertriglyceridemia. Onemia is a commercialized product of the Company marketed as a medical food. The Company is a subsidiary of Neptune Technologies and Bioressources Inc. 	Acasti Pharma Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	0	February 6, 2002
AKR	Ackroo Inc. is a Canada-based holding company. The Company is engaged in selling its Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)-based gift card and loyalty platform into the retail marketplace with a focus on and small and medium size merchants. This platform enables small to medium sized businesses, independent merchants and business networks to increase profitability and build long?term customer relationships through customized gift card, loyalty and rewards programs. The Company's utilization of Web?based solutions provide the power to massively scale in a lightweight online tool, that works with customers' existing point?of?sale equipment, making it affordable for businesses of any size to design and launch their own gift card and/or loyalty program. The Company has 100% ownership and control of the operating companies Ackroo Canada Inc. and Ackroo Corporation. The Company's operations are managed through Ackroo Canada Inc. 	Ackroo Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	May 16, 2000
AXE	Acceleware Ltd. is a Canada-based technology company, which is engaged in the development and marketing of special purpose software accelerators used to reduce engineering design simulation and data processing run times. The Company also provides software development consulting services and training programs in the field of high performance computing. The Company is focused on the development of software and solutions for the oil and gas industry. The Company provides seismic imaging software that enables oil and gas companies to find hydrocarbons in the most complex geological formations. In addition to software, the Company offers HPC software development and electromagnetic simulation consulting services for oil and gas customers. The Company provides HPC consulting services and HPC training to oil and gas companies, such as ExxonMobil, GeoTomo, Saudi Aramco, Rock Solid Imaging, EMGS, Repsol, and Chevron. 	Acceleware Ltd	Technology	Software	21	April 26, 2011
ABU	Abenteuer Resources Corp. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is engaged primarily in exploration for, and production of, petroleum. The Company is focused on the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin, specifically south eastern Saskatchewan, which is an area of primarily low risk oil development. The Company's oil property includes West Kingsford, Saskatchewan. The Company has working interests in six wells in southeastern Saskatchewan at Kingsford, which include Kingsford 141/08-13-004-07 W2M, Kingsford 91/06 HZ 1D08-13-1D06-18-04-06 W2M, Kingsford 92/07 HZ 2C5-18-1D7-13-04-07 W2M, Kingsford 4D8-14/2A11-13-004-07 W2, Kingsford 4A1-27/03-27-004-07 W2 and Steelman 191/07-18-004-06W2. 	Abenteuer Resources Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 20, 2000
RZZ	Abitibi Royalties Inc. (Abitibi Royalties) is a Canada-based company engaged in promoting and developing projects. The Company's properties include Malartic CHL property, which is located near Malartic Quebec from Golden Valley; Canadian Malartic property, which is located to the south of the Canadian Malartic main pit and Luc Bourdon and Bourdon West prospect, which is located in the Lowland region of James Bay Ontario. The Malartic CHL property covers various mineralized zones, including the shaft zones and porphyry 12 zone hosted in the Malartic CHL porphyry intrusions, the Norrie zone, the Mammothe zone, the Jeffrey zone, the Hal Zone, the Geo zones and Odyssey North zone. In addition, the Company owns around 100% interests in the Bourdon prospects. 	Abitibi Royalties Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 18, 2010
ACL	ACL International Ltd. is an oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company's operations are concentrated on the Indonesian North Sumatra basin. It has operations in Langsa TAC and South Block A. The Company has approximately 50% interest in the Langsa TAC concession, which is located offshore North Sumatra, Indonesia. The Langsa field is an offshore, approximately 80 square kilometers, concession in around 300 feet of water depth. The Company has approximately 40% working interest in a production sharing contract (PSC) in the onshore block, South Block A. The South Block A is located in Aceh Province, North Sumatra, Indonesia. The South Block A consists of over 1,500 kilometers of exploration acreage and includes two dimensional (2D) and three dimensional (3D) seismic. The Company's subsidiaries include 1275925 Alberta Inc., Addison America Partnership, Addison York Insurance Brokers Ltd., Addison Bay Insurance Brokers Ltd. and American Edge Insurance Services Ltd. 	ACL International Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	61	February 28, 1999
ARI	Acme Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and advancement of Canadian mineral properties in British Columbia, Saskatchewan and the Yukon Territory. The Company has been focusing on identifying exploration opportunities and joint ventures for its properties. The Company does not own any operating mines and has no operating income and sales from mineral production. 	Acme Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 10, 1978
AKM	nul	ACT360 Solutions Ltd			--	
ACK	Active Growth Capital Inc. is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploration and, if warranted, developing mineral properties in Canada. The Company's Currie Madeleine Property consists of approximately 88 map designated claims in the national topographic system (NTS) map sheet 32F/07, located three kilometers East of the North American Palladium projects Flordin and Discovery and one kilometer West of the former Rose Lake mine. The three lithologies present on the property include andesitic and basaltic volcanic rocks in the southern section of the property; Taibi Group sediments in the upper center section of the property and basalts with plagioclase phenocrysts in the northern section of the property. 	Active Growth Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 28, 2012
AT	AcuityAds Holdings Inc., formerly Wildlaw Capital CPC 2 Inc., is a Canada-based holding company of AcuityAds Inc. (Acuity). Acuity is a provider of targeted digital advertising solutions enabling advertisers to connect with their audiences across online display, mobile, social and video campaigns. Acuity has developed a Programmatic Marketing Platform to connect digital advertisers to consumers and solve the challenges that digital advertisers face. The Programmatic Marketing Platform allows advertisers to manage their purchasing of digital advertising in real-time using real-time bidding (RTB). The Company offers managed services, whereby Acuity provides complete execution of a digital advertising campaign for advertising agencies and/or brands. The Company also offers access to its platform on a self-service technology basis. 	AcuityAds Holdings Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 28, 2011
ADZ	Adamera Minerals Corp is a Canada-based exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition of mining properties and exploration of precious metals. The Company focuses on gold and silver deposits, and operates exploration sites in Wahsington State, the United States, including the Poland China Gold Mine, Talisman Historic Copper-Silver Mini, Overlook, Lamefoot, Golden Reward, Empire Creek, Key East and Key West. The Company also compiles and interprets geophysical and geochemical data relevant to its operations, and holds an interest in uranium, diamond and gold properties in Canada. It operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries Adamera Minerals LLC and First Passage Exploration Services. 	Adamera Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 7, 2013
ADL	Adira Energy Ltd. is an oil and gas exploration company. The Company is focused on early-stage exploration in the State of Israel. The Company, through its subsidiary, Adira Energy Israel Ltd. (Adira Israel), has an option (the Yam Hadera Option) to acquire up to around 15% participating interest in the Yam Hadera License No 383, offshore (the Yam Hadera License), located 30 kilometers offshore Israel, between Hadera and Haifa and North West of Adira's former Yitzhak license. The Yam Hadera Option is exercisable until 14 days prior to the signing of a rig contract for the Yam Hadera License. The Company also has an option to acquire up to around 5% participating interest in two licenses called the Myra License and Sara License. 	Adira Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 27, 2008
AAD	Added Capital Inc. (Added) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of mergers and acquisitions (M&A), restructurings, proxy solicitations and merchant banking. Added also provides services to Jaguar Financial Corporation (Jaguar), a merchant bank. The Company's corporate client base consists of small cap mining, technology and special situation companies. The Company is involved in acting as a financial advisor either for companies or for shareholders in dealing with catalytic investments. The Company is active in the M&A advisory business with a number of M&A engagements with small capital companies. Northern Securities Inc. (Northern Securities) is the Company's wholly owned subsidiary. 	Added Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	67	September 29, 1982
ADI	Adriana Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged through its 40% interest in Lac Otelnuk Mining Ltd. (LOM) in the development of mineral properties in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada (the Lac Otelnuk Project). LOM owns two properties within the Labrador Trough in the Nunavik region of northern Quebec, which include the Lac Otelnuk Property and the December Lake Property. The Lac Otelnuk Property is located approximately 165 kilometers northwest of Schefferville, in the Nunavik region of northern Quebec, and consists of approximately 1,398 mineral claims totaling approximately 673 square kilometers. The December Lake Property consist of approximately 160 mineral claims totaling approximately 74 square kilometers, and is located approximately 65 kilometers from the Lac Otelnuk Property and 230 kilometers north of Schefferville. The Lac Otelnuk iron deposit is a Lake Superior-type taconite deposit. 	Adriana Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	--	May 21, 2002
ADE	Adex Mining Inc. (Adex) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company wholly owns the subsurface mineral rights to approximately 1,600 hectares encompassing the Mount Pleasant mine area of New Brunswick, Canada. Within the mineral rights area, the Company owns approximately 405 hectares of land, plus the buildings, machinery and equipment on site, which consists of the dormant Mount Pleasant mine. Also within the mineral rights area there are two distinct poly-metallic mineral deposits, the Fire Tower Zone (FTZ) and the North Zone (NZ). The principal metals include tungsten and molybdenum in the FTZ and tin, indium and zinc in the NZ. The claims are held under Prospecting License 14338 by Adex Minerals Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Adex. 	Adex Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 31, 1992
AAX	Advance Gold Corp. (Advance Gold) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the evaluation and exploration of mineral property interests. It has interests in Kenya, East Africa. Advance Gold does not own or have an interest in any producing resource properties. The Company has not yet derived any revenues from the sale of resource products. 	Advance Gold Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 4, 2007
AWI	Advent Wireless Inc. (Advent), together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, Am-Call Wireless Inc. (Am-Call), Advent Marketing Inc. and 1013929 BC Ltd., is an independent specialty retailer of personal wireless and wireline communication products and services. Am-Call is an authorized dealer of Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers) and Fido Solutions Inc. (Fido). Fido is the discount brand and a wholly owned subsidiary of Rogers. The Company carries a range of Rogers and Fido products and services, including wireless voice and data, high speed Internet, digital cable television, home phone and Smart Home Monitoring. The Company operates 18 stores in Ontario. These include 12 Rogers and six Fido stores. 	Advent Wireless Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	February 14, 1984
APC	Advanced Proteome Therapeutics Corporation through the operations of its subsidiary, Advanced Proteome Therapeutics Inc. (APTI) is a biotechnology company. Advanced Proteome Therapeutics has developed a technology that combines multiple anti-cancer therapies in a single agent to directly target cancer tumors. The Companys technology is based on a proprietary protein modification platform that can be used to attach entities to therapeutic proteins to enhance their properties and/or endow them with additional functions. Overall, companys proprietary technology is based on The Foundation Trinity, which utilizes targeted therapy, combination therapy, and immunotherapy, in a single agent of high purity. The Company is focused on treating various cancers using the enormous knowledge base related to cellular science that has accumulated over the past two decades. Approaches are focused on distinguishing cancer cells from healthy cells, and selectively destroyed or controlled them. 	Advanced Proteome Therapeutics Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	
AGE	Adventure Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in discovering and developing gold deposits in the Abitibi region located in eastern Canada. The Company's projects include Val-d'Or East, Dubuisson, Timmins West; Casa-Berardi-Cameron and Detour Quebec. The Val-d'Or East Project consists of Pascalis; Lapaska; Senore, Beaufor West and North, and Megiscane-Tavernier properties. The Casa-Berardi-Cameron project consists of Casagosic and KLM; Vezza Extension, Vezza North and Bell-Vezza; Sinclair-Bruneau and Florence, and Cere-113 and Bachelor Extension. The Detour Quebec Project consists of North Block; Massicotte; Casgrain, Casgrain Extension and Gaudet; Sicotte, and East Block. The Val-dOr East project has approximately 770,000 ounces of gold at 2.6 grams per ton (g/t) gold in inferred category of which over 332,000 ounces at approximately 2.4 g/t gold are in-pit resources. 	Adventure Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 9, 2007
AFE	Africa Energy Corp. (Africa Energy), formerly Horn Petroleum Corporation, is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. Africa Energy is an international oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company has oil and gas interests in Puntland (Somalia). Africa Energy holds interests in approximately 36,168 square kilometers (gross) of acreage in respect of the production sharing agreements (PSAs) in the Dharoor Valley block and the Nugaal Valley block located in Puntland (Somalia). Africa Energy holds an approximate 60% working interest in both the Dharoor Valley and Nugaal Valley PSAs. Africa Oil Corp. (AOC) owns approximately 40.8% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Africa Energy. 	Africa Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	September 19, 2011
AQS	Aequus Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Aequus) is a Canada-based specialty pharmaceutical company. The Companys development stage pipeline includes various products in neurology and psychiatry. Its product pipeline includes AQS1301 and AQS1302. Its lead development stage product candidate, AQS1301, is a once-weekly transdermal formulation of aripiprazole. The oral, once-daily formulation of aripiprazole is marketed under the trade name Abilify for treatment of bipolar I disorder, schizophrenia, irritability associated with autistic disorder, and major depressive disorder. Abilify is an atypical antipsychotic. In addition to AQS1301, it is developing a pipeline of other central nervous system product candidates. It did not generate any revenues from product sales. It focuses to commercialize its internally developed products in Canada. It has access to a Canadian commercial platform to build on for launching products that are created internally or brought in through an acquisition or license. 	Aequus Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	January 3, 2013
AGG	African Gold Group, Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the business of exploring, evaluating and developing natural resource projects. Through its subsidiaries, the Company controls prospective exploration concessions covering segments of mineralized belts in regions of Ghana and Mali, West Africa. The Company's gold projects include the Kobada Gold Project in Mali, and the Nyankumasi and Asankrangwa exploration tenements in Ghana, West Africa. The Company's concessions in Mali cover an area of approximately 215 square kilometers of land located in the Kangaba region of Mali. The Company's Nyankumasi Concession covers an area of approximately 20 square kilometers and is located in the northeastern sector of the Ashanti gold belt. The Asankrangwa Holdings in Africa comprise the Twedee, Moseaso, Tropical and Manso Atwere licenses. 	African Gold Group Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 2, 2002
AFR	African Metals Corporation is an exploration-stage company. The Companys principal business activities are the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Company holds a 75% interest in the Luisha project which consists of 20 parcels of land located northwest of Lubumbashi, the capital of Katanga province, Democratic Republic of Congo. The Companys subsidiaries include Chevalier Resources Inc, Kundelungu Mineral Resources Sprl, Luisha Mining Enterprises Sprl, African Metals Holdings (BVI) Ltd. and African Metals Resources (BVI) Ltd. 	African Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 4, 2005
AGV	Agave Silver Corp. (Agave) is a junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, evaluation and development of mineral properties. The Company maintains an early stage exploration property and a joint interest in another early stage property in Canada. The Company has not derived any income from its mineral assets. The Company owns the Kaslo Silver Property (Kaslo), which consists of approximately 4,000 hectares (Ha). Its Kaslo property is a silver target and hosts 11 silver mineralized zones within around 14 kilometers of stratigraphy. Its Kaslo property consists of nine silver lead-zinc mines. The Company's Kaslo property is located around 12 kilometers west of Kaslo in southern British Columbia. 	Agave Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6	October 12, 1966
AQ	African Queen Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration, and development of gold and other metal resources in Kenya. The Company's properties include Rongo Gold Project and Ugunja Gold Project. The Rongo Gold Project is located in the Kamwango gold mining area of the Migori District of Nyanza Province in Southwest Kenya near Lake Victoria, which covers an area of approximately 97 square kilometers. The Rongo Gold Project consists of gold deposits, including African Barrick Gold's Bulyanhulu, North Mara Mines and AngloGold Ashanti's Geita Mine. The Ugunja Gold Project, which is situated north of Lake Victoria in Western Kenya, focuses on sulfides, gold-bearing quartz veins and banded iron formations (BIF). The Ugunja Gold Project covers an area of approximately 370 square kilometers. 	African Queen Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 30, 2008
AHI	Agility Health, Inc. (Agility) is a healthcare provider for the rehabilitation of the patients' physical injuries and conditions. The Company operates in three segments: Hospital contract services, which supplies contracted therapy services to various hospitals; Long-Term care contract services, which supplies contracted therapy services to long-term care facilities and other similar facilities, and Outpatient services, which supplies outpatient therapy services at freestanding clinics. It provides services through its network of outpatient rehabilitation clinics and contracted services to hospitals, long-term care facilities and other institutional clients, providing care and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers, and a range of other injuries and conditions. It provides additional ancillary services for physical rehabilitation, including practice management software systems and custom orthotics. 	Agility Health Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 6, 2010
AGL	Aguila American Gold Limited is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of its mineral interests in Peru. The Company's Angostura Property covers approximately 8,000 hectares (ha). It consists of the Delicia Concession and approximately 15 staked exploration concessions located in the Department of Apurimac, Province of Grau, District of Curpahuasi, Peru. Its Angostura Property has approximately two claims, which cover the main portion of the Angostura Gold Prospect. The project is located approximately 430 kilometers southeast of Lima and approximately 180 kilometers southwest of the city of Cuzco. The Company's subsidiaries include Aguila American Resources Limited S.A. and Kori Trader S.A.C. (Kori Trader). The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Aguila American Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 14, 2008
IQ	AirIQ Inc. offers a suite of asset management services that generate recurring revenues from each device deployed. The Company develops its asset management system using software, digitized mapping, wireless communications, the Internet and the Global Positioning System (GPS). The Company provides vehicle owners with the ability to monitor, manage and protect their mobile assets. Its services include instant vehicle locating, boundary notification, automated inventory reports, maintenance reminders, security alerts and vehicle disabling and unauthorized movement alerts. The Company's products include GSM2203, GSM2418 and Plug and Track Device. These devices provide the user with information and control messages to and from the asset via AirIQ's Online system. The Company also offers RentalIQ, which is an economical GPS location based service. RentalIQ provides automated and on-demand location and activity information that enables fleet owners to make informed business decisions. 	AirIQ Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	28	January 1, 2003
ANO	AgriMinco Corp. (AgriMinco) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of agricultural mineral projects and renewable energy solutions throughout Africa. The Company has two project areas in Togo: Bassar project area and southern Togo project area. The Bassar project is a phosphate exploration project located in the Dahomeyides mobile belt of northern Togo. The Bassar project is a phosphate exploration project located in the Dahomeyides mobile belt of northern Togo and consists of approximately 291 square kilometers (km2). AgriMinco holds three permissions in the southern coastal region of Maritime province. The Southern Togo project area consists of exploration permits which contain separate occurrences of phosphates and clays, and consists of approximately 344 km2. The clay deposit is called the DagbatiWatchidome attaplugite-smectite deposit. The southern Togo project includes Kpeteme, Djakpata and Kpedji project areas. 	AgriMinco Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	July 12, 2010
AOS	Alberta Oilsands Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in the exploration and development of resource properties in Western Canada and Africa. The Company has drill-defined domestic assets, and owns a portfolio of international assets. The Company holds bitumen leases in the Athabasca oil sands region of northeast Alberta. Its Oil Sands Projects include Clearwater, Grand Rapids, Algar Lake and Mackay. The Company has a 100% working interest in 27.3 sections in the Clearwater project area. The Company has a 100% working interest in 18 sections in the Grand Rapids prospect area. The Company has a 100% working interest in 51 sections in the Algar Lake prospect area. The MacKay River is a property which consists of around 5 sections (3,200 acres) at 100 % working interest. The Company's International projects include Namibia Project, Zambia Project and Democratic Republic of the Congo Project. 	Alberta Oilsands Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	8	June 21, 2010
ALD	Aldever Resources Inc., formerly Glenmark Capital Corp., is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral resource properties and either joint venturing or exploring and evaluating these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company's uranium exploration and evaluation assets include Ford Lake Uranium Project, Key Lake Road Uranium, Carter Lake Uranium Project all in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Key Lake Road Uranium Project is located approximately 89 kilometers south of the Key Lake Mine, an open pit mine, which produced approximately 200 million pounds of uranium. Ford Lake Uranium Project (FLP) covers an area of approximately 6,350 hectares. The Company also has 100% interest in Margurete Gold Project and is located in British Columbia, Canada. Its others projects include Scotia Zinc-Silver Project and Poplar Copper-Moly Project in British Columbia, Canada. 	Aldever Resources Inc.	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 1992
AGM	Aldridge Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Turkey. The Company is the 100% owner of Yenipazar Project, which is a polymetallic volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) body that hosts a gold-silver-copper lead-zinc mineral deposit, in central Turkey. The Company also had one other exploration license in Turkey. The Company is advancing the Project on aspects, including engineering, land acquisition and project financing. 	Aldridge Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 27, 2013
ALN	Aldrin Resource Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. The principal business of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of resource properties. The Company's exploration projects include: Key Lake Property, which is located in the southeastern Athabasca Basin region, Saskatchewan Lake; Triple M Property, which is located in the Athabasca Basin region of northern Saskatchewan, near Patterson Lake and Virgin Uranium Property, which is located on the south-central margin of the Athabasca Basin. 	Aldrin Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 14, 2005
AKH	Alaska Hydro Corporation is a Canada-based renewable energy company. The Company is engaged in the development of renewable energy projects focused primarily on hydroelectric power generation for resource development in northern climates. 	Alaska Hydro Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	October 16, 2006
ALP	Alabama Graphite Corp. is in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing graphite mineral properties. The Company is engaged in exploration and evaluation of the graphite properties in Alabama, the United States. Its properties include Coosa Property, Chestnut Creek Property, Bama Property and Hearst Property. Its Coosa Property is located in Coosa County, Alabama, approximately 60 miles south-southeast of Birmingham and consists of approximately 41,530 acres. Its Chestnut Creek Property is located in Chilton County, Alabama and consists of approximately 1,160 acres located over four miles west of the Coosa County line and approximately 25 miles from its Coosa Graphite Project. Its Bama Property is located in Chilton County, Alabama. Its Bama Property consists of approximately 200 acres located over four miles west of the Coosa County line. The Company has interest in the Hearst Property, consisting of approximately 20 claims in Northern Ontario, Canada. 	Alabama Graphite Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 2006
AZX	Alexandria Minerals Corporation is a Canada?based junior gold exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in Canada. The Cadillac Break Property consists of 21 contiguous projects, consisting of 662 claims, located in Bourlamaque, Louvincourt and Vaquelin Townships in the Val Dor Mining District, Quebec. The Company holds 100% interest in all these properties. The 21 properties are grouped as: Akasaba group, Orenada group and Sleepy group. The Siscoe East Property, located in Dubuisson Township near Val D'Or, Quebec, which consists a total of 110 claims. The Companys other Quebec Properties include Matachewan property, which is located in Cairo and Flavelle Townships, near Matachewan, Ontario; Caramax property , and Gwillim, which is located in Barlow Township, Chibougamou Mining District, Quebec. 	Alexandria Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 27, 2002
AAN	Alexander Nubia International Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company focused on identifying and advancing gold and base-metal projects in the Eastern Desert of Egypt. Through the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries, it holds two exploration concessions in Egypt, Abu Marawat and Fatiri, which cover areas of approximately 1,027 square kilometers and 1,745 square kilometers. The Company is exploring both concessions, with emphasis on the Abu Marawat concession, which contains two deposits that are its material projects: the Abu Marawat orogenic shear-zone hosted gold-copper vein deposit, with an inferred gold-copper-rich resource and the Hamama gold-silver-copperzinc project, which has a three kilometer strike length and is the focus of drilling. The gold and copper mining district in which it operates contains various small workings, including small-scale mining at the Abu Marawat deposit, and three past-producing gold mines (Semna, Sir Bakis and Abu Zawal). 	Alexander Nubia International Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 30, 2008
ANZ	Alianza Minerals Ltd, formerly Tarsis Resources Ltd, is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company has four projects in Peru, ten in Nevada, four in Mexico and five in the Yukon Territory. These projects are focused on exploration targets that are prospective for gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc. The Company's projects include three sulphidation gold targets in Nevada, Mexico and Peru. The Company has interests in eight gold projects in Nevada. The East Walker project located in Lyon County, Nevada is prospective for sulphidation epithermal gold mineralization. The Company's Isy property is located in southern Peru, which consists of a 1 by 4 kilometers color anomaly with areas of silicification, including vuggy silica, argillic and argillic alteration, and anomalous gold and silver. 	Alianza Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 21, 2005
ALW	All in West! Capital Corporation is a Canada-based company. The Company and its subsidiaries own and operate hotels. The Company owns three hotel properties: Phase I of the Days Hotel & Suites located in Grande Cache, Alberta; Phase II of the Days Hotel & Suites located in Grande Cache, Alberta, and the Econo Lodge Inn & Suites located in Hinton, Alberta. The Company's hotels are located in regions of Alberta that are involved with natural gas and oil exploration and drilling. The features and amenities provided by the Company's hotels include business services, dry cleaning and laundry, fitness center, restaurant on-site, Internet, among others. 	All In West! Capital Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	August 16, 2005
ALM	Alliance Mining Corporation is an exploration company. The Company is engaged in resource exploration and project development. It is focused on acquiring and exploring mineral properties in the Prescott area of Arizona. The Company's Placerita Project mineral properties are located in three areas: the Southern Placerita Region (Walnut Grove Mining District), and Western Placerita Region (Copper Basin Mining District), which are within a 25-mile radius within Yavapai County, Arizona. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Gold Beetle #1 property which hosts a stock work of quartz veins ranging from 2 meters wide up to 20 meters wide on surface out crop showings. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Gold Beetle #2 Property which is located approximately three miles to the North West of Gold Beetle #1. It also has 100% interest in the Silver Crown Mine property which holds silver, gold and copper mine situated on a quartz sericite schist belt. 	Alliance Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 3, 2002
AIX	Alix Resources Corporation (Alix) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company's properties include Sheslay Hackett North, Sheslay Kalt, Sheslay North Cap and Sheslay South Fork in British Columbia, Canada. Sheslay Hackett North is a 460-hectare property attached to the eastern border of Doubleview Capital Corp.'s Hat Property. The property has copper-gold deposits. 	Alix Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 4, 2007
APA	AlliancePharma Inc., formerly Rodocanachi Capital Inc., is a Canada-based health industry personal placement company. The Company is engaged in connecting health professional to pharmacies and hospital. The Company operates through offices located in the Province of Quebec, Canada. 	AlliancePharma Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	March 6, 2008
AHP	Allied Hotel Properties Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the ownership, management and development of hotels and real estate in Canada. The Company's business activities include hotel and real estate acquisition, holding, development and management. The Company operates in two segments: hotel operations and real estate development. The Company owns and operates the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites, which is located in Toronto, Ontario (the Toronto Hotel Property). The Toronto Hotel Property consists of approximately 353 rooms. The Company subdivided the hotel lands to permit the development of a condominium tower and seniors' residence on the site, with the Company being a partner in the development of the condominium tower. The Company's properties are situated in the urban markets. The parent company of the Company is Allied Holdings Ltd. 	Allied Hotel Properties Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	113	June 16, 2009
AVT	Alloycorp Mining Inc., formerly Avanti Mining Inc., is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company's principal activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the re-development of the past producing Kitsault molybdenum property (Kitsault Property). The Kitsault Property is located about 140 kilometers north of Prince Rupert, British Columbia. The Company's subsidiary includes Avanti Kitsault Mine Ltd. Parallel to the development of the Kitsault Project, the Company is also seeking to grow through the acquisition of other assets with commodities instrumental to the steel alloys industry. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties segment. 	Alloycorp Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	February 2, 2006
ALG	Algold Resources Ltd., formerly Kanosak Capital Venture Corporation, is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of African mineral properties. Its subsidiaries are Algold Mauritania SARL and Societe Mauritanienne d'Exploration (SME). It has two properties in Mauritania and two strategic properties in Burkina Faso. It owns a 100% of the rights, titles and interests in approximately 64 claims in the copper, gold and silver prospects at Lac Yasinski, Quebec. SME has the right to prospect and develop the Kneivissat license, approximately 830 square kilometers property in proximity to the Tasiast mine in northwestern Mauritania. The Legouessi property is located approximately 40 kilometers north of the Tasiast mine and straddles the Company's Kneivissat exploration license to the west. The Company owns 100% of f LMZ GOLD Burkina SARL and its three properties, Dianvour, Ouaraba and Gabou, which are located in Burkina Faso. 	Algold Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 23, 2011
ALQ	ALQ Gold Corporation, formerly Alpha Gold Corp, is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on the Lustdust Property located in the Omineca Mining Division of British Columbia. The Lustdust Property is located in north central British Columbia. The Company's Lustdust Property has 20 cell mineral claim tenures, which totals approximately 9,583 hectares and contains 12 known mineralized areas, including the Copper-Gold Canyon Creek Skarn Deposit and North Skarn; the Glover Stock with Porphyry Molybdenum; the Number one, two and three, 4B, East and GD zones of base and precious metal rich sulfide manto; the Bralorne Takla Mercury Mine; the exploratory tunnels of the Takla Silver Mine (BCMINFILE 093N009), which is a developed prospect that contains gold-silver veins, and Carlin-style mineralization in the Valley zone. 	ALQ Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 25, 1985
APT	nul	Almo Capital Corp			--	
AMZ	nul	Almadex Minerals Ltd			--	
AII	Almonty Industries Inc. is a natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, mining and milling of tungsten ores and related minerals. The principal business of the Company is mining, processing and shipping of tungsten concentrate from its Los Santos Mine in western Spain and Wolfram Camp Mine Project (WCM) in north Queensland, Australia. It also conducts exploration work at its Valtreixal Project. The Los Santos Mine is a tungsten mine located near Salamanca, in western Spain. The WCM is a wolframite and molybdenum mineral deposit, located west of Cairns in the state of Queensland, producing tungsten concentrate. The Valtreixal Project is an open pit operation, located in the northwest part of the Zamora province, in the Castillade Leon region of Spain, which has the principal products tungsten and tin. Its business is focused in the Iberian Peninsula and Queensland. Valtreixal Resources Spain is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	Almonty Industries Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 27, 2012
AHS	Alta Natural Herbs & Supplements Ltd. is a dietary supplements and neutraceuticals company. The Company is a manufacturer and converter of dietary supplements and neutraceuticals (herbal, botanical and marine-based) for the natural healthcare products industry. The Company develops and manufactures a range of dietary supplements and neutraceuticals for the supplement industry. It is a contract manufacturer/converter of raw material powders, with all conversion, from powders to capsules to bottling and packaging. 	Alta Natural Herbs & Supplements Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	May 16, 1998
ATI	Altai Resources Inc. (Altai) is a junior natural resource exploration and development company. The Company has three natural resource properties in Canada. Two of the properties, both in Quebec, are still in exploration-stage. The Company's properties include Malartic gold property, Sorel-Trois Rivieres natural gas property and Cessford oil property. The Company's 50% owned Malartic gold property (named Blackcliff gold property by property joint-venture partner and operator, Globex Mining Enterprises Inc.) of three mining claims totaling approximately 120 hectares (300 acres) in Quebec. The Sorel-Trois Rivieres natural gas property is owned and operated by the Company, holding a 100% interest in lands covered by oil and gas and reservoir exploration permits. The Company owns 45% working interest in Cessford oil property in the Cessford area of central Alberta, which consist an area of approximately 240 acres. 	Altai Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 25, 1955
AVX	Altair Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, developing and exploiting natural resource properties in British Columbia, Canada. The Company has the right to acquire around 75% interest in the Kena gold project located near the town of Nelson in southern British Columbia. The Kena Property consists of around 152 claim units for a total of approximately 7,609 hectares and covers approximately 8,000 meters of strike length on a district scale gold and gold-copper system. The Company has no revenue generating operations. The Company's subsidiaries include Minera Altair, S.A. de C.V. (Minera Altair) and Altair Ventures (Alaska) Incorporated. 	Altair Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 17, 2005
AAP	Alpha Peak Leisure Inc. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction (QT). The Company has not commenced commercial operations and has no assets. 	Alpha Peak Leisure Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 24, 2011
NPA	Alphinat Inc. (Alphinat) is a Canada-based company, which provides online self-service tools and workspaces. The Company develops and markets software products that allow for the implementation of self service solutions and Web-based work space thereby facilitating all dealings between the organization and its clients, partners, suppliers, employees and shareholders. It operates in four markets: public sector, telecommunications, healthcare sector and financial institutions. Its product, SmartGuide is a Web-based development platform that allows business users to manage the business content and logic of an application through drag and drop tools. SmartGuide offers an array of point-and-click features that other solutions require developers to code, making applications easier to build, test and maintain. SmartGuide is suited for customer self-service, electronic forms, knowledge bases, guided selling, diagnostic tools, life event based applications and education or training. 	Alphinat Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	September 13, 2005
AFM	Alphamin Resources Corp. is engaged in the business of locating, acquiring, exploring and, if warranted, evaluating mineral properties. The Company's exploration efforts are focused on tin exploration, development and production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Company is in the process of conducting exploration activities on its resource properties. The Company's Bisie Tin Project, 100% owned by the Company through its subsidiary Mining and Processing, Congo, Sarl is a tin deposit located within the Walikale District approximately 180 kilometer west-northwest of the regional center of Goma. The two main target areas, Mpama North and Mpama South are located along 1.5 kilometer of the Mpama ridge, which extends over more than 14 kilometer. The Company's subsidiaries, Mining and Processing, Congo, Sarl, and Alphamin Congo Sarl are engaged in mineral exploration. Its subsidiaries, Alphamin Holdings (BVI) Ltd and Alphamin Resources (BVI) Ltd, are holding companies. 	Alphamin Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 12, 1981
ANE	Altan Nevada Minerals Limited is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the discovery of ore systems in under-explored regions of Nevada. The Company holds eight exploration projects in Nevada, seven of which were self-staked, covering more than 37,072 acres over 1,833 mining claims. Its Radar Gold-Silver Project is an early stage gold-silver conceptual exploration target, located immediately adjacent to the Paradise Peak mine in Mineral County, western Nevada. It consists of 204 unpatented mining claims owned 100% by the Company. Its Black Top Gold Project is an epithermal precious metal system. The Black Top Gold project consists of 102 lode mining claims. The Company's North Star Gold Project is an under-explored gold play located 55 kilometer north-northwest of Goldstrike in Elko County, northern Nevada. It consists of 163 lode mining claims, covering an area of 3,152 acres, of which 145 are 100% owned by the Company. 	Altan Nevada Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
AMO	Altan Rio Minerals Limited is a mineral exploration and development company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of exploration and evaluation assets in Mongolia. The Company explores for gold and copper projects in Mongolia. The Company holds three projects in Mongolia covering approximately 255,148 acres, including a new discovery of gold and copper mineralization across an area in western Mongolia, and a Boroo-style orogenic lode gold target in northern Mongolia. The Company's projects include Chandman-Yol property, Khavchuu Project and Onon project. The Chandman-Yol property is located in eastern Khovd Aimag, western Mongolia, and consists of around nine tenements covering approximately 203,878 acres. The Khavchuu Project is an early-stage exploration project, which covers an area of approximately 17,590 acres. The Onon project is located in northeastern Mongolia in Khentii Aimag, and consists of three tenements covering approximately 33,680 acres. 	Altan Rio Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 20, 2010
ARH	Altima Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of petroleum and natural gas properties in Canada. The Company's exploration program is focused on both conventional and resource-based multi-zone gas and gas condensate targets in the Chambers-Ferrier Area of the west central Alberta Deep Basin. The Chambers-Ferrier Area lies west of the various producing pools in the Ferrier Field. The Company's production is routed through the Keyera North Strachan Gas Gathering System to the sales point at the Keyera deep cut gas facility. The Company's land base acreage at Chambers-Ferrier totals approximately 29 sections (18,560 gross acres) with an approximate average working interest of 94% in 10 of the 29 sections and varying interests in 12 wells. 	Altima Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 14, 2003
APN	Altiplano Minerals Ltd. is a mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on acquiring projects with potential for discovery. The Companys GD Property is located in central British Columbia, west of Babine Lake and south of Granisle within the Omineca Mining Division. The GD Property holds approximately eleven mineral claims totaling to around 4,161 hectares of land. The area hosts around two past-producing gold-copper mines: The Bell Copper Mine and The Granisle Copper Mine. The Company collected a total of approximately 82 continuous rock chip samples from 11 trenches (TR10-01-TR10-11) within the GD Property claims. The remainder of the rock samples include two prospector grab samples from outcrop, two prospector float samples (not from outcrop), and two prospector continuous chip samples were also collected and another 15 samples from the mapping areas near historical drilling. It also collected a total of around 520 soil samples from two grids. 	Altiplano Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 10, 2010
ALI	Altitude Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior coal exploration company. The Company's exploration activities are focused on northwest Alberta. The Company holds interest in Palisades Property, which consists of approximately six contiguous Alberta Crown Coal leases. The Palisades Property totals approximately 4,650 hectares and is located approximately 28 kilometers northwest of the town of Hinton, Alberta. Its Palisades Extension Application is contiguous to the northeast of the Company's Palisades Property. Its Moberley Creek Application consists of over four Alberta Crown Coal lease applications totaling approximately 5,380 hectares, and is located approximately 12.5 kilometers from the northern tip of its Palisades Extension Application. Its Altitude North Application consists of over three Alberta Crown Coal lease applications totaling approximately 5,240 hectares, and is located approximately 30 kilometers northwest from the northern tip of its Moberly Creek Application. 	Altitude Resources Inc	Energy	Coal	--	January 19, 2011
ATU	Altura Energy Inc., formerly Northern Spirit Resources Inc., is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of oil and natural gas in east central Alberta. The Company has interest in locations, such as Wildmere, Klein South, Sounding Lake and Cadogan. The Company has drilled, completed and equipped five horizontal oil wells in East Central Alberta at Provost. The Company produces around 25 degree American Petroleum Institute (API) sweet oil and natural gas from horizontal wells drilled in the Sparky formation at depths between 650 and 850 meters. The Company holds around 3.25 sections in the API Sparky oil play, which has vertical wells and three dimensional seismic. The Company also holds interest in around 19 sections of land in the Klein, Monitor, Cadogan and Veteran area in Alberta. Oil gravity is in the range of around 20 to 28 degree API for the upper Mannville targets in the area. 	Altura Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	June 8, 2007
ALT	Altarex Corp. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of foreign antibodies that activate and modulate the immune system for the treatment of certain cancers and other life-threatening disease where there exists an unmet medical need. The Company's products are based on its technology platform and patented multi-epitopic method of treatment. Its proprietary approach involves the use of foreign monoclonal antibodies as target antigen-binding agents that can alter patients' immune system responses in a therapeutically beneficial manner. AltaRex has completed Phase II clinical trials of OvaRex MAb (the Company's most advanced cancer antibody) for the treatment of late-stage ovarian cancer. The Company's portfolio of five cancer antibodies has been exclusively licensed to United Therapeutics Corporation, which has assumed responsibility for the continued clinical development, manufacture, regulatory approval and commercialization of the products. 	Alturas Minerals Corp			32	
ALV	Alvopetro Energy Ltd. (Alvopetro) is engaged in exploring, developing and producing hydrocarbons in Brazil. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, and the acquisition, development and production of, hydrocarbons in the Reconcavo, Tucano, Camamu-Almada and Sergipe-Alagoas basins onshore Brazil. The Company held interests in three producing fields and 16 exploration blocks consisting of around 148,500 gross acres onshore Brazil in four hydrocarbon basins: the Reconcavo, Tucano, Camamu-Almada and Sergipe-Alagoas. The Company's direct subsidiaries include Alvopetro Oil and Gas Investments Inc., and Alvopetro Investimentos e Participacoes Ltda. The Company's indirect subsidiaries include Alvopetro S.A. Extracao de Petroleo Gas Natural, and Alvopetro Participacoes em Petroleo e Gas Ltda. 	Alvopetro Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	42	November 19, 2013
AER	Alternative Earth Resources Inc. is a Canada-based renewable energy company. The Company is focused on developing and generating electric power from geothermal resources. The Companys resource property interests comprise The New Truckhaven project and Pumpernickel Geothermal Project. The New Truckhaven project is located in Imperial Valley, southeast of Salton City, California. Certain geothermal leases are part of the Ormat PSA and are subject to a four-year option period. The Company holds two leases private and federal geothermal leases in the Pumpernickel Geothermal Project. The Pumpernickel Geothermal Project is located in the Humboldt County of Nevada towards the east of the town of Winnemucca. 	Alternative Earth Resources Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	April 13, 1995
ATV	Alto Ventures Ltd is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring gold and diamond projects. The Company owns three gold properties in Quebec, Ontario and Manitoba, and three diamond exploration properties in Saskatchewan. Its three gold properties are Destiny Project in Quebec, Miner Lake in Ontario and Oxford Lake in Manitoba. Its Destiny Project is located in Despinassy Township, approximately 75 kilometers northeast of Val d Or, Quebec and lies within the Archean age Abitibi greenstone belt in Quebec. Its Miner Lake gold property is located approximately 45 kilometers northeast of the Town of Beardmore. Its Oxford Lake property lies in northeastern Manitoba along a regional structural corridor that hosts the pre-development Monument Bay Gold-Tungsten Deposit approximately 150 kilometers east of Oxford Lake. Its Northern Saskatchewan Diamond Properties are located from approximately 100 kilometers east to 160 kilometers east of the town of La Ronge. 	Alto Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 1987
AL	ALX Uranium Corp, formerly Lakeland Resources Inc, is a Canada-based uranium and mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of uranium properties in the Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan, Canada. The Company has approximately 300,000 hectares (Ha) of exploration properties in the Athabasca Basin, including Gibbon's Creek Property, Riou Lake/Otherside Property. The Gibbon's Creek Property consists of five claims. The Otherside Property consists of around two mineral claims. The Riou Lake Property consists of around 11 mineral claims. The Company also owns five uranium properties in the Athabasca Basin region, Saskatchewan, including the Lazy Edward Bay Property, with ten mineral claims; the Karen Lake Property, with three mineral claims; the Black Lake Property, with two mineral claims; the Hidden Lake Property, with three mineral claims, and the Fedun Lake Property, with two mineral claims. 	ALX Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 11, 2007
AGX	Amador Gold Corp. is a resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets. Its properties include Silverstrike Property, Silver Claim Property, Elk, Northland Pyrite Mine Property, The Powerful Silver Mine and the North of Martin Lake Mine Property, and Cuniptau Silica Deposit and the Danlou Gold Occurrence Property. It has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Silverstrike Property and Silver Claim Property, Ontario, which comprises approximately 256 hectares. Its Northland Pyrite Mine Property is a 96 hectare, silver-gold property in Sudbury Mining Division, located approximately 16 kilometers north of Temagami, Ontario. Its Powerful Silver Mine and the North of Martin Lake Mine Property is a silver-nickel property in the Lawson Township. Its Cuniptau Silica Deposit and the Danlou Gold Occurrence Property is a 64 hectare property, which is located approximately 13 kilometers north of Temagami, Ontario. 	Amador Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 29, 1987
AHR	Amarc Resources Ltd. is a mineral development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's exploration activities are primarily focused in British Columbia, Canada. The Company owns the IKE property, which is located approximately 40 kilometers northwest of Gold Bridge. The Company has made a copper-molybdenum-silver discovery at its IKE project. The Company owns the Galileo, Hubble and Darwin properties, which are located within the Blackwater district, 75 kilometers southwest of Vanderhoof, British Columbia; the Newton Property, and MR Zone on the Silver Vista property, located in west central British Columbia. 	Amarc Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 2, 1993
AMG	AM Gold Inc. is engaged in acquiring and exploring mineral properties for precious and base metals and other minerals. The Company is focused on developing its 100% controlled Pinaya gold-copper project located in southern Peru and its 100% controlled Red Mountain gold project located in the Yukon Territory, Canada. The Red Mountain gold project consists of the original 52 ICE and JC claims (1,168 hectares). The Company also owns 100% interest in the 131 Frost claims (2,430 hectares). AM Gold also has a 100% interest in two grassroots gold projects located in Peru: La Mamita and Minas Lucho. The Pinaya gold-copper Project is located in southern Peru approximately 775 kilometers southeast of Lima. The Red Mountain project is located in central Yukon Territory approximately 55 kilometers northwest of the community of Mayo in the Tintina Gold Belt and the Company has interest in the 52 mineral property claims. La Mamita is located in northern Peru in the Ancash mining camp. 	AM Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 8, 1985
MLY	American CuMo Mining Corporation (American CuMo), formerly Mosquito Consolidated Gold Mines Limited, is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on identifying, acquiring and developing natural resource opportunities in the United States and Canada. Its projects include the CuMo Project, The CuMo Project is situated in the mountains of south-central Idaho, approximately near northeast of the town of Idaho City, in the United States. The Company's Boise property, also located in Idaho, is contiguous to and provides access to the CuMo Project. The Pine Tree property consists of approximately 510 hectares located in the Pilot Mountains, Mineral County in western Nevada. American CuMo has operations in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The Companys subsidiary includes Idaho CuMo Mining Corporation. 	American CuMo Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	June 8, 1971
AGC	Amarillo Gold Corporation is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of gold properties, principally in Brazil. The Company's projects include the Mara Rosa project in Goias state and the Lavras do Sul project in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. The Company is also involved in other early stage development projects in Brazil. The Mara Rosa project is located 335 kilometers northwest of Brasilia and is an orogenic-type gold mineralized system situated within a NeoProterozoic greenstone belt shear zone. Located approximately 320 kilometers southwest of the state capital Porto Alegre, Lavras do Sul project covers a total of 209 square kilometers. The Lavras project encompasses a Neo-Proterozoic granitic intrusion that hosts gold production. The Company's Ourolandia project area consists of 23,989 hectares of exploration licenses. The Ourolandia Property lies within the Pirineus Syntaxis, the intersection of two fold-thrust belts. 	Amarillo Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 9, 1983
AVC	American Vanadium Corp. is a Canada-based energy storage and exploration-stage company. The Company's properties include Gibellini property, Del Rio Property and Hot Creek Property. The Company's 100% controlled and holds mineral claims at its Gibellini Property (Gibellini), which is a vanadium deposit located in Eureka County, Nevada, which is in the permitting stage. The project consists of approximately 232 unpatented lode claims and seven placer claims totaling approximately 4,254 acres in the United States of Nevada. Its Del Rio Project (Del Rio) is a vanadium project located approximately eight miles south of Gibellini. The Company's vanadium prospect, Hot Creek, consists of approximately 18 claims south of Del Rio. The Company's CellCube is a vanadium redox flow battery capable of delivering long-duration energy storage for a range of applications, such as renewable energy integration and the reduction of demand charge tariffs levied by utilities. 	American Vanadium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 2, 2006
AMY	American Manganese Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is in the business of mineral exploration and development. The Artillery Peak project includes 100 unpatented mineral claims covering approximately 2,066 acres, 36 patented mineral claims covering approximately 698 acres, and 8 fee simple parcels covering 1,280 acres. The Rocher Deboule property consists of mineral claims covering 10,230 hectares near Hazelton, British Columbia. The Lonnie property is a niobium exploration property, covers approximately 3,477 hectares in the Omineca Mining Division of British Columbia. The Pond property is a magnesium exploration property, covers approximately 913 hectares located in the Golden Mining Divisions of British Columbia. The Company acquired Phosphate claims by staking two claim blocks totaling 1581.21 hectares in the Ft. Steele Mining Division, located 11.5 kilometers north of Sparwood, British Columbia. 	American Manganese Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 8, 1987
BOE	Americas Petrogas Inc. is a Canada-based international oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company is in the business of exploration of conventional and unconventional (shale oil, shale gas and liquids, and tight sands) oil and gas properties in Argentina; development and production of conventional oil and gas properties in Argentina, and exploration of near-surface phosphates, potash and other minerals and potential development of a fertilizer project in Peru. The Company has two operating segments: oil and gas exploration, development and production operations in Argentina and phosphates, potash brine, and other minerals exploration operations in Peru. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries are Americas Petrogas Argentina S.A. and Energicon S.A. The Company has 80% interest in GrowMax Agri Corp., a holding company for its wholly owned subsidiary, Americas Potash Peru S.A. 	Americas Petrogas Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 22, 2008
AMK	American Creek Resources Ltd. (American Creek) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, principally for precious metal deposits. American Creek's exploration projects are located in British Columbia, Canada. The Company holds an approximate 51% interest in the Treaty Creek Project. The Treaty Creek Project covers approximately 114 square kilometers in the Skeena Mining District of northern British Columbia. The Company also holds around 100% interest in the Electrum Project. The Electrum Project consists of six claims located approximately 40 kilometers north of Stewart, British Columbia. American Creek is the operator of the Treaty Creek project. The Company's Treat Creek property is situated approximately 70 kilometers north of Stewart. 	American Creek Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 26, 2005
AMU	AMI Resources Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. It focuses on exploration activities on precious metals in West Africa. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, AMI Africa Exploration Ltd. and AMI Africa Ghana Exploration Ltd., the Company holds prospecting licenses for concessions in the Ashanti Region of Ghana and holds mineral interests in Niger. The Company's operating properties include North Ashanti Gold Project, which has two Prospecting Licenses: Beposo and Anuoro; Niger Gold Project, which includes Deba & Tialkam, and Ghana- Obuom Concession. The Company's North Ashanti Gold Project covers a combined area of approximately 98 square kilometers. The Deba concession covers an area of 275 square kilometers. The Tialkam concession located in the Liptako area of Niger and consists of Lower Protorozoic Birimian formations. The Boksay concession covers approximately 342 square kilometers. 	AMI Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 29, 1980
AMX	Amex Exploration Inc. is a mining exploration company with exploration activities conducted in Canada and Mexico. The Company's properties include Perron Property, Normetal Property, Cameron Property, Lac Indicateur property, Eastmain Centre property, Eastmain North Property, Natora Property and Nueva Escondida property. Its wholly owned Perron Property consists of 116 mining claims covering an area of 4,531.49 hectares. Its Normetal Property consists of 24 mining claims covering an area of 942.54 hectares. Its Cameron Property consists of 93 mining claims covering an area of 5,231.20 hectares located in the township of Grevet. The Lac Indicateur property located in the Eeyou Istchee Territory, Baie James, Quebec, comprises 24 claims covering an area of 1279 hectares. The Natora property consists of three mining claims covering an area of 37,695 hectares located in the prolific Sierra Madre Gold-Silver belt in Mexico. Nueva Escondida Property consists of 10 mining claims. 	Amex Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 18, 1997
ALY	nul	AnalytixInsight Inc			--	
ANC.P	Anchor Capital Corp, located in Calgary, Alberta, is an investment company. It is also a capital pool company which identify and evaluate companies, businesses or assets with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. The company was founded in 2014. 	Anchor Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 20, 2014
ARA	Anconia Resources Corp. (Anconia) is a Canada-based base and precious metals exploration and development company. The Company has three exploration projects in Canada. The Company has two projects in Nunavut, which include Atlas project and RB project. The Atlas project the consolidation of two contiguous projects The Marce and Zac property. The ZAC property and the Marce property are both located approximately 170 kilometers south of Baker Lake, Nunavut, Canada. The Marce property is located approximately 18 kilometers southwest of the ZAC property. Its RB property, which is a gold property, is located approximately 45 kilometers east-south-east of the ZAC property. The Company's third project is Grenfell property, which is located in the Kirkland lake area, Ontario, Canada. 	Anconia Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 22, 1962
ANF	Anfield Nickel Corp. (Anfield) is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The company and its wholly owned subsidiaries are engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resources. Anfield is seeking new mineral resource projects. 	Anfield Nickel Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 13, 2005
ARY	Anfield Resources Inc. is a resource company engaged in mineral exploration, development in the United States. The Company exploration projects include the combined Binghampton/Copper Queen projects in Arizona, the North Star project in Arizona and MAG Exploration Services Inc. and Yellow Rock Resources Inc. Uranium projects in Utah and Arizona and the AMC Uranium project in Colorado. The Binghampton Copper Queen project is located approximately 27 kilometers southeast of Prescott, Arizona, which consists of approximately 2,032 hectares of patented and State land. The North Star project is located in the Arizona's copper belt. The Aura project is a copper manto exploration project in the Atacama Desert region of Chile, lying approximately 31 kilometers southeast of Copiapo. It holds approximately 4,800 acres of unpatented mining claims in Colorado; over 26 groups totaling approximately 133 unpatented lode claims and over 32 groups totaling 130 approximately unpatented lode claims. 	Anfield Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 12, 1986
ANK	Angkor Gold Corp.is a Canada-based company, which focuses on mineral property interests located in the Kingdom of Cambodia in the Banlung and Oyadao regions. The Companys projects include Banlung, Banlung North, Oyadao, Oyadao South, Andong Meas, Trapeang Kraham and Koan Nheak. The Banlung property includes gold-copper-molybdnum porphyry and covers an area of 150 square kilometers. The Banlung North property includes gold-copper-molybdnum porphyry and covers an area of 296 square kilometers. Oyadao project contains gold in gneiss and in epithermal silicic-argilic breccia and covers an area of 222 square kilometers. Oyadao south contains gold in granite and in epithermal silicic-argilic breccia and covers an area of 247 square kilometers. Andong Meas includes molybdenum-copper porphyry and gold in quartz veins of granodiorite and covers an area of 187 square kilometers. Trapeang Kraham covers 175 square kilometers and Koan Nheak covers 189 square kilometers. 	Angkor Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 16, 2008
ANG	Angel Gold Corp is a Canada-based metal exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and responsible development of mineral resources in Colombia. The Company's property portfolio includes El Pino West and Heliconia projects, located along prolific producing mineral belts. The Company's projects elevation range above the sea level is below the 3,200 meters over the sea level elevation range of the Paramos regulations. El Pino West project; an area of 2014 hectares of the 2063 hectares initially solicited by the Colombian subsidiary of Angel Gold Corp., Angel Gold S.A.S.. Heliconia Project; it comprises 3,927.4468 hectares and will consist of two parcels. The area is approximately 25 kilometers west of the department capital, Medellin. The area was solicited on the basis of stream-sediment geochemical information showing an area north of the mining district of Titiribi with gold and silver in streams sediments. 	Angel Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 8, 1988
ANB	Anglo-Bomarc Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of exploration, evaluation and development of mineral properties. The Company holds a portfolio of projects, which include the Hercules Silver Property in Idaho and Hughes Lake Property in Saskatchewan. The Company's Hughes Lake project is a uranium exploration project that is located within the eastern portion of the Athabasca Basin, approximately 30 kilometers southwest of the McArthur River uranium mine and near the western boundary of the Wollaston Lithostructural Domain, and totaling an area of approximately 2,438 hectares. The Hercules Silver Property is approximately 1,490 acres of mineral claims, located on the northwestern shoulder of Cuddy Mountain; approximately 120 miles northwest of Boise, Idaho, and 20 miles northwest of Cambridge, Idaho. The Company's subsidiaries include ANB Yukon Gold Inc. and Anglo-Bomarc, U.S., Inc. 	Anglo Bomarc Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	1968
URA	Anglo-Canadian Mining Corp., formerly Anglo-Canadian Uranium Corp, is a Canada based exploration and development company focused on natural resource opportunities in Canada and the United States. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary Anglo-Canadian Gold Corp. The Companys properties include Lucky Boy, Stirrup, Zeus and Zeus 1, Princeton, Charles, Big Mac, Yukon, Spider Rock, Gunslinger and Gunfighter and Lonestar. Anglo Canadian also has a portfolio of uranium projects in the Four Corners region of the United States which has a lengthy mining history. These projects are in the Uravan mineral belt located in the Colorado Plateau. Princeton project consists of copper-gold-palladium claims covering 1,266 hectares located 11 to 12 kilometers south of Princeton. Yukon white gold project consists of four separate claims blocks within the Tintina gold belt located 95 kilometers south of Dawson City, Yukon. 	Anglo Canadian Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 5, 1979
AE.A	Anterra Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil focused junior exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, development, optimization and production of crude oil and natural gas in western Canada. The Company has two segments: oil and gas segment, and midstream processing segment. The Company's oil and gas segment explores for, develops and produces oil and gas. The Company's midstream processing segment provides third party processing and disposal services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates five principal oil properties in Alberta: Breton - Belly River Oil, Buck Lake - Cardium Oil, Nipisi - Gilwood Oil, Strathmore - Basal Quartz Oil and Two Creek - Jurassic Oil. 	Anterra Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 22, 2000
RHA	Annidis Corporation is a Canada-based company, which develops and markets imaging technologies to eye care professionals. The Company has developed a multi-spectral imaging system for retinal and choroidal assessment (the RHA). Its Annidis RHA is an ocular pathology management system to aid in early detection and management of age related macular degeneration (AMD), diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma. Its RHA collects and combines multi-spectral information. The RHA integrates advanced multi-spectral imaging with analytic software for early detection and management of ocular pathologies. The RHA uses multi-spectral imaging to take pictures of the retinal layers of eye. The Company's RHA Gold is used by eye care professionals as a tool for detecting early-onset of eye related diseases such as Dry AMD. The Company's RHA Platinum, which is under development with beta units in clinical testing, allows doctors to visualize choroidal and retinal vasculature non-invasively. 	Annidis Corp	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	February 3, 2010
AFY	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
AGD	Antioquia Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and evaluation-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of mineral resource properties in Colombia. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of properties in Colombia. The Company's principal asset is its Cisneros Project which covers approximately 5,654 hectares and is located around 55 kilometers northeast of Medellin in the Department of Antioquia, Colombia. Its Cisneros Project consists of the Guayabito Property, Bullet Property and Pacho Luis Property. The Cisneros Project consists of four mineral deposits in the Guayabito and Pacho Luis Project areas. 	Antioquia Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ATE	Antibe Therapeutics Inc. is a Canada-based company that originates, develops and out-licenses pharmaceuticals that are improved versions of existing drugs. The Company's drug design methodologies involve chemically linking a base drug to its hydrogen sulfide-releasing molecule. The Company's lead compound, ATB-346, combines hydrogen sulfide (H2S) with naproxen, which is an approved, marketed and off patent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The Company has conducted multiple pre-clinical studies, combining the attributes of H2S with naproxen, which have demonstrated that ATB-346, which has therapeutic efficacy that is equal to or greater than that of naproxen while demonstrating an improved side-effect profile versus naproxen and other commonly used NSAID treatments for pain associated with, amongst other conditions, osteoarthritis. Additionally, the Company investigates other assets in its pipeline, as well as additional development opportunities to which it has access. 	Antibe Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	3	May 5, 2009
APH	Aphria, Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in greenhouse growing business. The Company is a medical marijuana producer. It provides medical marijuana to help reduce muscle spasms, appetite, or symptoms of anxiety and depression. It provides medical marijuana for end-of-life care or a specific medical condition, including multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury, spinal cord disease, severe pain, cachexia, anorexia, weight loss, cancer, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/ acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), arthritis and seizures from epilepsy. In addition, the Company provides medical support services through its wholly owned subsidiary Cannway Pharmaceuticals Inc. 	Aphria Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	December 1, 2014
APV	Apivio Systems Inc, formerly Moimstone Corporation, is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of communications equipment and software. The Company develops, markets and supports a portfolio of voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) telephone solutions, including a range of wired and wireless devices and integrated advanced software applications. The Company's products and services are designed primarily for use by small and medium sized enterprises, and home offices. The Company's product line includes a range of VoIP desktop telephones (IP Phones) and wireless VoIP handset phones (WiFi Phones). The Company's IP Phones include the IP255, IP325, IP335 and IP355. The Company's WiFi Phones operate on the 802.11a/b/g/n (WiFi) standards. The Company sells products and services to telephone companies and a network of dealers and distributors, who distribute the products to their customers, primarily in South Korea. 	Apivio Systems Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 9, 2013
AXG	Antipodes Gold Limited is engaged in exploration for gold and silver in New Zealand's Hauraki region. The Company's exploration activities are carried out by its wholly owned subsidiary, Glass Earth (New Zealand) Limited (GENZL). GENZL's primary gold development opportunities are at WKP and Waihi West (both gold-silver projects). The Hauraki Goldfield in the Coromandel Region contained over 50 separate mineral deposits. WKP is an epithermal quartz vein gold-silver prospect within this district, where the Company has joint ventures with Newmont Waihi Gold on the WKP and Waihi West prospects. 	Antipodes Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 23, 1989
AEN	Antrim Energy Inc. is an energy company. The Company is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas acquisition, exploration, development and production. The Company's portfolio of assets includes exploration and development opportunities in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Its subsidiaries include Antrim Energy Ltd., Antrim Energy (UK) Limited, Antrim Exploration (Ireland) Limited and Antrim Energy (Ventures) Limited. The Company's holds 100% interest in Frontier Exploration License 1/13 in Blocks 44/4 (part), 44/5 (part), 44/9 (part), 44/10, 44/14 (part) and 44/15 (part), an area of 1,058.1 square kilometers in the Porcupine Basin situated approximately 110 kilometers off the southwest coast of Ireland. In the Central North Sea, the Company holds a 100% interest in the Fyne License P077 Block 21/28a. It holds 50% interest in Erne License P1875 Block 21/29d. The block contains the Erne Eocene Tay discovery and the Corrib Eocene Tay prospect. 	Antrim Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	5	September 29, 1999
AQM	AQM Copper Inc. is a Canada-based junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of copper deposits. The Company is focused on acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties in South America, such as Chile and Peru. The Company's main focus is on the exploration and development of the Zafranal Project. The Zafranal Project is a copper-gold porphyry project located in the Southern Peru Porphyry Copper Belt which hosts deposits, such as Freeport McMoran's Cerro Verde mine and Southern Copper's Cuajone and Toquepala mines. The Company also holds approximately 20% interest in Antakena Project located in Chile. 	AQM Copper Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 24, 2005
ALE	Apple Capital Inc., formerly Terra Firma Resources Inc., is an exploration stage company. The Company's principal business activities include acquiring and exploring exploration and evaluation assets. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets are located in Canada. 	Apple Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 16, 2007
APL	Appulse Corporation (Appulse), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, sells new and refurbished centrifuge machines and parts, and provides maintenance services and consulting and design advice to industries throughout North America and internationally. In addition, the Company provides machining services for equipment repairs. The Company also provides services, including a balancing service for large equipment including centrifuge bowls. The Company focuses on food and beverage processors and environmental applications, as well as other industries including the oil and gas service industry, refineries, marine processing and pharmaceuticals. The Company's subsidiaries include Centrifuges Unlimited Inc., Design Machining Unlimited Inc. and Rolyn Oilfield Services Inc. 	Appulse Corp	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	April 24, 2001
AAC	Arak Resources Ltd., formerly Actus Minerals Corp., is a Canada-based junior resource exploration company. The Company is in the business of exploring for, and where warranted, developing mineral deposits. The Company is in the process of reviewing its mineral property and is also investigating other opportunities in the resource sector. The Company is focused on the Kayla Property, located in Quebec, Canada. The Kayla property is located 45 kilometers west of the Town of Chibougamau and one kilometer southwest of the Town of Chapais, in Abitibi, Quebec. The property's claims consist of around 265 hectares and the Kayla Property covers a total area of approximately 344 hectares. The Company also has interest in two mineral tenures at Perron Lake in the northeastern Athabasca Basin region of northern Canada. These tenures consist of approximately 2,573 hectares in the south central part of the Perron Lake Area. 	Arak Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 9, 2006
ACH	Arch Biopartners Inc. is a portfolio-based biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in developing new products and technology for sale to pharmaceutical and industrial companies. It has four technology platforms in its portfolio under development: MetaMx, synthetic molecules that target brain tumor initiating cells and invasive glioma cells; MetaBlok, a drug candidate for the potential treatment of sepsis and cancer metastasis; Borg, a peptide-solid surface interface for binding of peptides to solid surfaces to inhibit biofilm formation and reduce corrosion, and treatments for chronic kidney and bowel diseases caused by non-infectious inflammation. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Arch Biotech Inc., Arch Biophysics Inc. and Arch Cancer Therapeutics Inc. 	Arch Biopartners Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	November 13, 2003
ARK	Archer Petroleum Corp. is a Canada-based energy company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating oil and gas and other energy producing properties, and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of uranium, oil and gas, and other energy related commodities in North America. The Company's principal assets are certain rights to Sandklene 950 and prospective oil properties located in Logan County and Kentucky, the United States. The Company's properties include Davenport Property, Peak Project, Carbon County, Kirkpatrick Lake Uranium Project and Pardoe Lake Uranium Project. 	Archer Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 31, 1984
ACS	Archon Minerals Limited is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in exploring mineral properties in Northwest Territories (NWT). The Company's mineral exploration activities include search, evaluation and development of mineral deposits. The Company's exploration projects include Buffer Zone Joint Venture, NWT and Monument Project, NWT. Archon has interest in the west buffer zone that has various pipes (up to four hectares in size), which forms a trend spaced from the other two productive trends on the Ekati block. 	Archon Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
ARR	Arco Resources Corp. (Arco) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is focused on exploration and development of Gold, Silver and Polymetallic properties in southwestern Mexico. Arco holds a 100% interest in four mineral claim blocks, all located in the State of Oaxaca, Mexico. Arco is engaged in developing the Taviche property, in Oaxaca State, southwestern Mexico. Taviche property is a silver-gold-bearing quartz vein with epithermal textures and underground workings. Epithermal textures include open space fillings, bladed veining and megacrystic carbonate replacements. 	Arco Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	March 13, 2006
AHU	Arctic Hunter Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas resource exploration and development company. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties in the Western Canada and in North America. The Company is a junior heavy oil producer in the greater Lloydminster area of Alberta and Saskatchewan. The Company is reviewing future production and exploration opportunities through selective property acquisitions and identifying exploration drilling activities in North American and internationally. The Company holds interest in the C-12 well, which is situated in Landrose, Saskatchewan. The average production for the C-12 well is approximately 10 barrels per day (five barrels per day net). 	Arctic Hunter Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 21, 2006
APE	Apogee Minerals Ltd is a Canada-based Company engaged in the business of mineral exploration and development. The Company is focused on the exploration of silver, zinc and lead. Its projects include Pulacayo-Paca and Cachinal. 	Apogee Silver Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 21, 2005
ART	ARHT Media Inc., formerly Vast Exploration Inc. (Vast), is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in creating HumaGrams. The Company's Augmented Reality Holographic Technology (ARHT) engine, allows its HumaGrams to interact and conduct real-time e-commerce with consumers, and provide analytics back towards retailers. ARHT has offices in Toronto, Canada and Hollywood, California. The Company has one subsidiary, ARHT Media (USA) Inc. The Company offers its technology and products in various markets, including live events, retail display, digital signage, pharmaceutical, education and training and trade shows and conferences. 	ARHT Media Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 3, 2003
ADD	Arctic Star Exploration Corp. is a Canada-based junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has diamond and Niobium/rare earth properties in North America. The Company's properties include Stein Property, T-Rex property, Triceratops property, Redemption project and the El Havila property. Stein Property Nunavut is an advanced diamond exploration project, which is 100% owned by the Company located to the Northwest of Taloyoak. The Stein property consists of around four contiguous prospecting permits covering an area of approximately 105,637 hectares on the Boothia Peninsula. The Triceratops property covers around six kimberlite discoveries and consists of approximately 62 contiguous claims with an area covering approximately 46,840 hectares. 	Arctic Star Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 5, 2001
AZN	Arcturus Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company has interests in Gold and Base metal properties located in the Yukon Territory in Canada. The Companys properties include LEWES Property, First Base Property, RB Property, KEELE Property and Hemingway Property. The RB property is located in the Finlayson Lake VMS (Volcanogenic Massive Sulphide) belt of south-central Yukon, and has 36 claims in approximately 750 hectares. The Company has 232 quartz claims in the MER Property, Yukon. The Company owns a 100% interest in the First Base Property, consisting of 28 claims. The Company also has 100% interest in the Ford Lake Uranium Project, consisting of three claims totaling approximately 6,358 hectares and 100% interest in the Hemingway Property, consisting of 138 claims totaling approximately 2,880 hectares. 	Arcturus Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 5, 1980
ADG	Arcus Development Group Inc. (Arcus) is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of advanced early stage mineral exploration projects. Its projects include Dawson Gold, Touleary, Dan Man, Green Gulch and Shamrock. The Dawson Gold Project is located in west-central Yukon 100 kilometers south of Dawson City, which consists of volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) and gold deposits. The Touleary consists of copper, gold and zinc grading. The Dan Man property is comprised of 578 mineral claims and is located north of Kaminak Gold Corp. Coffee claims, which comprise poly-phase breccias often healed with limonite and quartz carbonate. The Green Gulch property is a block of 66 claims that is surrounded by claims comprising the Kinross White Gold property, which include weighted average grade of 0.294 grams gold. The Shamrock property is comprised of 72 mining claims and covers 14 square kilometers, with gold and arsenic minerals. 	Arcus Development Group Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 2006
AN	Arena Minerals Inc. (Arena) is a gold and copper exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of properties located in South America. The Company's assets include Pampas El Penon, Atacama Copper and Capricornio Project in Chile. The Pampas El Penon property consists of 34 mining claims totaling 8,650 hectares located approximately 130 kilometers southeast of Antofagasta, Chile. The Pampas El Penon property consists of five separate blocks, including the land package immediately to the west of the Pampa Augusta Victoria discovery veins. The Atacama Copper Property consists of approximately 150,000 hectares (1,500 square kilometers) in Chile's Antofagasta Region II, and located approximately 40 kilometers north east from the city of Antofagasta. Its Capricornio Property consists of 27 mining claims located approximately 50 kilometers east of Arena, Chile, representing a total of 7,080 hectares. It operates in Canada and Chile. 	Arena Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 29, 1995
ATX	Argentex Mining Corporation is a junior exploration company. The Company holds interests in mineral properties located in the Santa Cruz and Rio Negro provinces of Argentina and in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, SCRN Properties Ltd., owns interests in 11 mineral properties located in the Santa Cruz province of Argentina and 15 mineral properties located in the Rio Negro province of Argentina. The Company owns three contiguous mineral tenures located in south central British Columbia, Canada, known as the Clapperton Property, which covers an aggregate of approximately 825 hectares of land. The Company's flagship property is the Pinguino property, which is located in southern Argentina in the north-central part of the Province of Santa Cruz. The Pinguino property consisted of four Manifestacions de Descubrimiento: Tranquilo 1, Tranquilo 2, Canadon and Pinguino. 	Argentex Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 1, 2006
AML	Argus Metals Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing interests in mineral projects in North and South America. The Company's mineral properties include Ike gold project, which is located in the Selwyn Basin of Yukon and the Lady Ermalina Chemainus group of claims, which covers an area of over 550 hectares. The Company's Ike Property consists of the Gala claims, which cover the Lingfish Minfile occurrence. 	Argus Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	May 7, 2009
ASL	Argentum Silver Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company focuses on discovering high grade silver and gold in the states of Jalisco and Oaxaca in Southwest Mexico. The Company operates in Canada and Mexico, with operations in the mineral resource sector. Its projects include Coyote and Victoria in the state of Jalisco, and Lachiguiri and Silayacaopan in the state of Oaxaca. The Victoria project has mineralized zone extends over an area of approximately 10 kilometers. The Lachiguiri property consists of El Pochotle and El Pochotle II, and has an area of approximately 4,200 hectares and is located approximately 140 kilometers southeast of the city of Oaxaca near the town of Santiago Lachiguiri. The Silayacaopan project has an area of approximately 3,500 hectares. The Company's subsidiaries include Plata de Argentum SA de CV and Predilecta Exploration SA de CV. 	Argentum Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 21, 2007
ARC	Arian Resources Corp., formerly known as Golden Touch Resources Corp., is a Canada-based mining company. The Company intends to take its copper-gold project, Perlat, in Albania into production. The Company is working with Sinomine Resources Exploration Company Ltd., to produce a prefeasibility report and a valuation report to determine the path to production. It has properties in Albania, Perlat, kacinar Gold and Iballja Copper. The Company operates in a single reportable operating segment, the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. 	Arian Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 24, 2007
DAN	Arianne Phosphate Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties in Quebec, Canada. The Company's is focused on developing a phosphate mine by concentrating its resources on Lac a Paul phosphate rock project located in the Saguenay-Lac-St-Jean region, Quebec, Canada. The Lac a Paul project gets its 115 megawatts (MW) of electricity from Hydro-Quebec through Rio Tinto Alcan's Chute-des-Passes Power dam, which is located 40 kilometers (km) from the project. The Company's claims also include Zone two and the Manouane zone. 	Arianne Phosphate Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 30, 1992
RPT	ArPetrol Ltd. is a junior oil and natural gas exploration and development company based in Calgary, Canada and active in Latin America. The Company is engaged in the exploration for and development and production oil and natural gas. The Company is also engaged in providing natural gas processing services for third parties in Argentina. The Company's production and processing asset base is located in Argentina. The Company's average production is 223 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The Company has exploration concession agreements for petroleum exploration rights with the Ministry of Energy in Rio Negro province, Argentina. The Company owns and operates a gas processing facility in Argentina with a capacity of approximately 85 million cubic feet per day. The Company processes wet or natural gas liquid (NGL)-rich gas shipped by third parties at its natural gas plant. 	ArPetrol Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 18, 2011
ARD	Armada Data Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the accumulation and sale of data related to the purchase of new and used vehicles. The Company operates through segments, including Insurance Services, Retail Services, Dealer Services, Internet Technology (IT) and Advertising/Marketing Services. The Insurance Service segment is engaged in the sale of total-loss replacement vehicle reports to the insurance companies. The Retail Services segment is engaged in the sale of new car pricing data to consumers primarily through the Company's Website, as well as the reselling of this new car pricing data to qualified third party vendors. The Dealer Services segment is engaged in sale of new vehicle. The IT segment consists of Web and e-mail hosting, Website development and design, and desktop support. The Advertising/Marketing Services segment is engaged in the sale of online third party Website advertising, and other new car or car business related marketing activities. 	Armada Data Corporation	Industrials	Diversified Trading & Distributing	18	June 17, 1999
A	Armor Minerals Inc., formerly Rio Cristal Resources Corporation, is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in acquiring and exploring mineral properties. The Company does not have mineral producing properties and has generated no revenue. 	Armor Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 24, 2006
ARW	Aroway Energy Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and development of oil and gas properties. The Company has oil development and exploration prospects in Alberta and Saskatchewan. The Company operates and owns heavy oil producing property in West Hazel, Saskatchewan and owns a 100% working interest in a light oil producing property in Kirkpatrick Lake in Central Alberta as well as a contiguous land base in the Kerrobert area of West Central Saskatchewan. The Company, through a joint venture partnership, also owns a 50% working interest in the Peace River Arch of Northern, Alberta with approximately 57,600 acres of land. 	Aroway Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	1	March 27, 1980
AWS	Arrowstar Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company focused on the process of acquiring exploration and evaluation assets. The Company has no revenue from operations. 	Arrowstar Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	--	October 14, 1987
AEC	Artisan Energy Corporation (Artisan) is a Canada-based oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, development of and production of oil and natural gas reserves in Western Canada. The Company's projects include Chip Lake, Conrad, Ferrybank and Tomahawk (Bigoray). The primary target at Chip Lake is light sweet oil (44 degree API) trapped in the Rock Creek formation at approximately 1,850 meter depth. In Ferrybank area the Belly River sand at approximately 950 meter depth produces a 33 degree API oil with a low gas oil ratio of less than 1,000 standard cubic feet per barrel (scf/bbl). The primary target at Conrad is 25 degree API oil from the Sawtooth formation at approximately 950 meter depth. The primary target at Tomahawk is the Wilrich Sand which yields sweet natural gas. 	Artisan Energy Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 1, 2010
AEC.DB	nul	Artisan Energy Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AOT	Ascot Resources Ltd is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. Its properties include Dilworth Project, Mt. Margaret property and Swamp Point Project. The Company's Dilworth Project is a gold, silver, base metals project, which is located approximately 25 kilometers north of the town of Stewart in north western British Columbia. The Mt. Margaret property is a copper-molybdenum-gold-silver deposit, which is located approximately 22 kilometers southwest of Randle Washington in Skamania County. Its Swamp Point project is a sand and gravel deposit, which is located on the Portland Canal in north western British Columbia, Canada, and approximately 50 kilometers south of the town of Stewart. The Mt. Margaret property is held in the Company's wholly owned subsidiary Ascot USA Inc. 	Ascot Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 20, 1986
ABR	Ashburton Ventures Inc. is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets located in Canada. The Company's objective is to seek out and acquire prospective mineral exploration properties in North America with the view to exploring and developing the properties. The Company's properties include Boulder Property, GC West Property, Chapeau Prospect and Hackett Claims. The Boulder Property covers around 20 unit claims totaling approximately 900 acres, located approximately 10 kilometers west-north west of Revelstoke, British Columbia. The GC West property is located approximately 135 meters west of the GC lepidolite Minfile occurrence. The GC occurrence consists of a coarse-grained, lepidolite-bearing (lithium mica) pegmatite dike hosted within a mica schist. The Company's 13 square kilometers Hackett Project in the Sheslay Valley includes approximately eight square kilometers claim package. 	Ashburton Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 10, 2006
ACN	Asher Resources Corporation is a gold exploration company. The Company's projects include the King Mine Project and Lavington property. The King Mine is a bulk-tonnage copper-gold porphyry target. It is located in east-central Nevada approximately 95 miles southeast of Reno. It comprises4,460 acres in 223 lode claims and is located on the eastern margin of the Walker Lane structural domain a north-northwest trending zone of fault controlled disruption and host to gold and silver mining camps, such as the Virginia City Comstock, Tonopah and Goldfield. The Lavington property comprises four mineral claims covering 1,156 hectares, located approximately 10 kilometers east of Vernon, in southern British Columbia. The primary target on this property is an alteration zone more than 1500 meter long and up to 400 meter wide, of altered quartz-pyrite-sericite schist. 	Asher Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 2, 2011
AKC.P	Arkadia Capital Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is to identify and evaluate assets or businesses with a view to potentially acquiring them or an interest therein by completing a purchase transaction, by exercising of an option or by any concomitant transaction. The Company's continuing operations are dependent upon its ability to identify, evaluate and negotiate an acquisition of assets or businesses, or an interest therein. The Company has not yet commenced operations. The Company has no revenue from operations. The Company's subsidiary is 1807564 Alberta Ltd. 	Arkadia Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 18, 2011
ABZ	nul	Asiabasemetals Inc			--	
ATC	ATAC Resources Ltd. (ATAC) is engaged in the exploration of metals and minerals, primarily gold. ATAC's wholly owned Rackla Gold project in the Mayo Mining District of central Yukon in Canada consists of 8,712 mineral claims and covers an east-west extending land package approximately 185 kilometers (km) long by 15 km wide and an area of approximately 1,700 square km. The Rackla Gold Project consists of the Rau Trend and the Nadaleen Trend. The Rau Trend consists of the Tiger Deposit and the Ocelot Zone. ATAC's Nadaleen Trend properties consist of the Osiris Zone, the Ibis Zone, the Conrad Zone, the Sunrise Zone and the Anubis Area. ATAC holds a 100% interest in the Rosy property, which covers a system of gold-silver veins in the Whitehorse Mining District of southern Yukon; the Connaught property and the Panorama property, located in the Dawson Mining District of west-central Yukon, and in the Rusty property, located 125 km northeast of the community of Mayo, Yukon. 	ATAC Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 15, 1998
ARS	Kalimantan Gold Corporation Limited is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's principal mineral property interests are located in Kalimantan, Indonesia. Its operational segment is engaged in mineral exploration and development. The Company has three principal areas of interest: the KSK Contract of Work (KSK CoW) in Central Kalimantan with multiple copper and gold prospects; the Beutong Izin Usaha Pertambangan (Beutong IUP) on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia which covers two porphyry copper-gold-molybdenum prospects-West and East Porphyries and the Beutong Skarn (copper-gold) prospect, and the Jelai Izin Usaha Pertambangan (Jelai IUP) epithermal gold prospect in North Eastern Kalimantan. 	Asiamet Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 7, 1997
ASN	Asian Mineral Resources Limited is a Canada-based company which owns and operates sources of nickel sulphide-the Ban Phuc Nickel Mine (BPNM) in Vietnam. The Company's principal business activities are the exploration and development of mineral property interests and extraction and processing of nickel mineral deposits. Its principal mineral property interest, held through a joint venture, is in the Ban Phuc Project Area located approximately 160 kilometers west of Hanoi in Son La Province, in northwestern Vietnam. The Company is also exploring and developing additional advanced-stage regional nickel assets. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Vietnam. 	Asian Mineral Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 31, 2004
SAT	Asian Television Network International Limited (ATN) is a Canada-based media company. The Company has around 54 pay specialty television channels in 9 languages. The Company offers its flagship general interest service ATN-HD, several Bollywood movie channels with over 800 movies a month, and a variety of channels that include sports, news, music, lifestyle, spiritual and several regional language channels. ATN's television channels are distributed to subscribers by various Canadian Broadcast Distribution Undertakings (BDUs), including cable, satellite and telephone companies. ATN operates a South Asian Radio Service on Satellite Radio across Canada and the United States. The Company develops some of its programming in-house and also acquires the rights to programs from local and international television and film producers. 	Asian Television Network International Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	85	August 16, 1993
TAR	Astar Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of mineral exploration. The Companys principal focus is on the Forrest Property, which is located in the Liard Mining Division of British Columbia. The Forrest Property is located approximately 90 kilometers north of Stewart, British Columbia and consists of ten contiguous mineral claims covering 37.2 square kilometer. More than 30 gold-bearing occurrences have been described along the length of the Forrest Property. 	Astar Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 19, 2011
BAY	Aston Bay Holdings Ltd. is a United States-based mineral exploration (exploration-stage) company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties located in North America. The Company is focused on the 641,416-acre (259,572-hectare) Aston Bay Property located on northwest Somerset Island, Nunavut. The property is adjacent to tidewater on Aston Bay and consists of 10 active mining permits and 57 mineral claims for a total of approximately 259,570 active hectares. The property hosts the Storm Copper and Seal Zinc prospects where drilling has confirmed the presence of sediment hosted copper and zinc mineralization. The Storm Copper Project is located approximately 20 kilometers from tidewater and has four zones of copper mineralization-2200N, 2750N, 3500N and 4100N. The Seal Zinc Prospect is located at tidewater on Aston Bay and is a direct-ship project. The Company does not have any resource properties in production. 	Aston Bay Holdings Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 28, 2011
ASQ	Astorius Resources Ltd. (Astorius) is a Canada-based exploration-stage resource company. The Company is in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. Astorius has one copper and gold exploration project in Western Canada. The Astorius Babine Cu-Au Property is located in the Prolific Babine Lake Porphyry Copper Area in central British Columbia. The property's northern and southern areas of claims consists a total of 13,657 hectares in 50 claims. The project covers two distinct areas within the Babine Belt; a northern claim block and a southern claim block. The Babine Belt hosts multiple Cu-Au porphyry deposits and showings related to the Eocene-age Babine Igneous Suite, consisting of biotite-feldspar porphyritic (BFP) intrusives. The southern claim block lies within 2 km of two former open-pit porphyry Cu-Au deposits, the Bell and Granisle mines. 	Astorius Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 4, 2007
AST	Astur Gold Corp. (Astur Gold) is a Canada-based junior mining issuer. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploration of exploration and evaluation assets located in Spain. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Exploraciones Mineras del Cantabrico S.L. (EMC), owns 100% interest in its Salave property. The Salave property consists of six mineral concessions totaling 686 hectares and an investigation permit of 2765 hectares located in the province of Asturias in northern Spain at the town of Tapia de Casariego. The Company's wholly owned Czech subsidiary, Astur Bohemia S.R.O. (Astur Bohemia) applied for the establishment of a five year Exploration Area License covering the Mokrsko, Mokrsko-East, and Prostredni Lhota - Celina gold deposits (collectively Mokrsko) located in Stredocesky Kraj region. 	Astur Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 20, 2007
ATM	Atacama Pacific Gold Corporation (Atacama) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious metals resource properties in Chile. The Company operates through its subsidiary, Minera Atacama Pacific Gold Chile Limitada (Atacama Chile). Atacama's principal mineral property is the Cerro Maricunga oxide gold project (Cerro Maricunga Gold project), which is located around 700 kilometers north of Santiago and around 140 kilometers by road northeast of the city of Copiapo. The Company also has other mineral properties, such as Anocarire project, which is located in region I and is owned by Atacama; Piedra Parada project, which is located in region III and is owned by Atacama; Roca prospect, which is located in region III and is owned by Atacama; Pircas Gold Project, which is optioned to a third party and is located in region III, and Toro Prospect, which is located in region III and is owned by Atacama. 	Atacama Pacific Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	3	June 12, 2008
AAT	ATI Airtest Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company specializing in sensors. The Company's primary business activity is the manufacture and sale of air testing equipment and related services in Canada and the United States. The Company provides custom-designed hidden sensor systems in buildings that measure and control the primary energy consuming systems operating behind the walls and ceilings in building designs. The Company's product categories include ventilation control in buildings, humidity and moisture control, parking ventilation control, air velocity measurement, refrigerant gas leak detection, and health and safety sensors. The Company's wholly owned inactive subsidiaries include Airwave Environmental Technologies Inc. (Canada), Airtest Technologies Corp. (US), and Clairtec Inc. (US). 	ATI AirTest Technologies Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	March 13, 1996
ABM	Athabasca Minerals Inc. is a resource company. The Company specializes in developing, producing and exploring for aggregates and industrial minerals. The Company engages in managing the supply of, and the production of aggregates in Northern Alberta. It has two contracts for gravel supply and deliveries to oil sands projects in the Conklin area, south of Fort McMurray. It manages the Susan Lake Gravel Pit on behalf of the Alberta Government. The Company's services include exploration and identification of minerals, clearing and topsoil stripping, site preparation, dewatering and road maintenance, allocation of pit areas to specific user's, scaling of material and general administration of the pit. The Susan Lake property is around 2,379.5 hectares in size. Its exploration and development projects include Firebag Silica Sand Project, Richardson Project and Pelican Hill Pit, among others. Its mineral properties include Birch Mountain Project, Boyle Project and Dover Project. 	Athabasca Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	June 6, 1997
ASC	Athabasca Nuclear Corp. (Athabasca) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company's projects include Yellowjacket Gold Project, an exploration-stage project located nine kilometers east of the town of Atlin, British Columbia; Prongua Lake Diamond Project, in which the Company holds an 80% interest located within the Sask Craton region of Saskatchewan; Pikoo North Project, an option agreement that provides the Company the right to earn a 100% interest in two mineral tenure claims, MC00002304, consisting of around 740 hectares and MC00002333,consisting of around 591 hectares; Western Athabasca Syndicate, which is located near Fission Uranium Corp.'s Patterson Lake South (PLS) uranium discovery; Wollaston NE Uranium Property, in which the Company holds an option agreement that includes around 81,000 hectares within Wollaston Tectonic Domain, and the Preston Uranium Property, which is located near the PLS. 	Athabasca Nuclear Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 31, 2011
ATG	Atlanta Gold Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration, environmental permitting, engineering and development of the Atlanta Gold project (Atlanta Project). The Atlanta Project is an advanced-stage gold exploration property near Atlanta, Idaho, the United States. The Company is engaged in the exploration of Atlanta Project through its wholly owned subsidiary, Atlanta Gold Corporation (AGC). The Atlanta Project site is located on Atlanta Hill, Idaho. The Company's other properties include Neal Property, Idaho, which consists of five patented lode claims located 15 miles southeast of Boise, Idaho, in Elmore County and 45 miles southwest of the Atlanta Project, and Jackson Inlet diamond property, which is located in Nunavut, Canada. 	Atlanta Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	8	March 15, 2000
AGB	Atlantic Gold Corporation, formerly Spur Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based company focused on advancing the development of its Nova Scotia properties, as well as continuing to review potential acquisitions and investment opportunities. The Company's properties include Touquoy Gold Project located at the former village of Moose River Gold Mines, Beaver Dam Property located in Halifax County, Nova Scotia, Cochrane Hill Gold Project located south of the town of Antigonish and Fifteen Mile Stream property located in eastern Halifax County, Nova Scotia. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary Acadian also holds existing royalty interests on the Goldenville, Dufferin and Tangier properties located in Nova Scotia. 	Atlantic Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	8	July 24, 1986
AGB.WT	nul	Atlantic Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ATW	AtmanCo Inc (AtmanCo) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in offering a range of assessment and recruitment services for professionals in human resources (HR), managers, leaders and individuals (general public). The Company also offers an online psychometric test. Through the results of the human resource cloud platform or the application program interface (API), the Company allows its customers optimizing the human capital for recruiting and organizational development. The Company offers various solutions, which include team analysis, certifications, coaching and training, fit assessments, team profile, management profile, sales skills and behavior, professional career profile, employee compatibility report and team building. It offers solutions for various industries, including automotive, call centers, financial services and information technology. The Company has operations in Canada, Japan and United States. 	AtmanCo Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	November 5, 2007
AGY	Atom Energy Inc., formerly Athabasca Uranium Inc., is a Canada-based exploration and resource company exploring for uranium in the Athabasca Basin region of northeast Saskatchewan. The Company operates approximately two uranium exploration projects on the eastern margin of the Athabasca Basin region of northeast Saskatchewan, Canada. Its uranium mines in the region include the Key Lake, McArthur River, Cigar Lake, Midwest, McClean Lake, Collins Bay and Eagle Point mines. Its uranium structures in the area include the Moore Lake Maverick Zone, Cameco's Harrigan Zone, the South Cigar Trend (IUC/JNR) and the West Bear Deposit. The Company's project exploration area consists of approximately 33,700 hectares. The Company had interest in projects, such as Keefe Lake Project, McCarthy Lake Project, Fisher River Project and East Key Lake Project. 	Atom Energy Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 2007
AUV	Augyva Mining Resources Inc. (Augyva) is an exploration-stage company engaged in the exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company holds five properties, such as Lac-Yasinski, Duncan Lake, Kali/Lac-Elmer, Senneville and Malartic. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Lac-Yasinski property, which is located in the James Bay territory, 550 kilometers North of Matagami, and covers approximately 5,628 hectares. It holds a 35% interest in the Duncan Lake Iron Property, which is located 45 kilometers south of Radisson in the James Bay area, Quebec, and covers approximately 25,602 hectares. It holds a 100% interest in the Kali/Lac-Elmer property located in the James Bay area, Quebec. It holds a 100% interest in the Senneville property located 20 km north-east of Val-d'Or in Abitibi. The Company holds a 100% interest in the property located 8 km north-west of Malartic, Quebec. 	Augyva Mining Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 5, 1986
AAO	Augusta Industries Inc. (AAO) is a Canada-based company which is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and supply of systems using fiber optic sensors, related monitoring instruments, and software. The Company's segments are its business units. Its segments include Macron operations and FOX-TEK operations. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Marcon International Inc. (Marcon) and Fox Tek, Augusta Industries Inc provides a variety of services and products to a number of clients. Marcon is in the business of selling equipment to foreign multinational companies operating primarily in the Middle East and to the United States government. The equipment is purchased from various suppliers in Canada, United States and Europe. FOX-TEK was formed to develop, integrate and sell fiber optic sensing systems for the strain/temperature sensing market. 	Augusta Industries Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	October 13, 1999
ATY	Atico Mining Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in copper-gold mining and related activities, including exploration, development, extraction and processing in Colombia and the acquisition, exploration and development of copper and gold projects in Latin America. The Company owns El Roble mining property. The El Roble mine is an underground copper, gold and silver mine and processing plant located in Choco, Colombia. The El Roble mine's commercial product is a copper concentrate with gold and silver by-product credits. The Company's subsidiaries include: Minera El Roble SA, Atico Mining Corporation Colombia SAS and Atico Mining Corporation Peru SAC. The Company operates through the mining, exploration and development of mineral properties segment. 	Atico Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 17, 2011
AMN.P	Aumento Capital V Corp, located in Toronto, Ontario, is a capital pool company. The Corporation proposes to identify and evaluate businesses and assets with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. It was incorporated on July 16, 2014. 	Aumento Capital V Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	July 16, 2014
AUU	Aura Silver Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior mining company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition, evaluation and exploration of mineral properties in North America. The Company has two projects, including Taviche, Mexico Property, and Greyhound Project, Nunavut, Canada. The Taviche Project is a joint venture with Intrepid Mines where the Company holds a 70% interest. The property consists of two concessions East Taviche and Alma Delia. The Greyhound project consists of 22 claims covering approximately 21,748 hectares. The Company has a 100% direct ownership interest in the Greyhound project. The Greyhound project is located 38 kilometers north of the community of Baker Lake, Nunavut and around 32 kilometers south of Agnico-Eagle's producing Meadowbank Gold Mine. 	Aura Silver Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 24, 2006
AUN	Aurcana Corporation (Aurcana) is a Canada-based holding company. The Company is engaged in the production and sale of silver, copper, lead and zinc concentrates and the exploration, development and operation of natural resource properties. The Company's segments include La Negra mine and the Shafter Property. La Negra mine is the Company's principal operating unit, which is located in Queretaro State, Mexico. The Company operates La Negra silver-copper-zinc-lead mine through its subsidiary, Real de Maconi S.A. de C.V. Aurcana's main development property is the Shafter silver property (Shafter), which is located in Presidio County, South West Texas. The Company holds Shafter through its wholly owned subsidiary, Silver Assets Inc. 	Aurcana Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 14, 1998
AUR	Aurgent Resource Corp, formerly Aurgent Gold Corp., is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Companys principal activity is the acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Company had not generated any revenues. The Companys properties include Dickens Lake Property, Brabant Lake Property, McLennan Lake Property and Eisler Lake Property. The Company acquired 100% interest in the Dickens Lake Property, located in Saskatchewan, Canada. 	Aurgent Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 13, 2011
AGO	AurCrest Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resources, primarily gold and base metals located in northern Ontario. The Company is focused on its Richardson Lake gold property. The Richardson Lake is a gold exploration prospect located in the Birch-Uchi belt of the Red Lake mining division in Northwestern Ontario, consisting of unpatented mineral claims called the Richardson Lake property totaling approximately 11,000 acres. The Company holds a 100% interest in a group of properties within the area known as The Ring of Fire located in the Lower James Bay region of Ontario, in the proximity of McFaulds Lake. The Company's Bridget Lake property is situated in Ball Township, Red Lake Mining Division and Northwestern Ontario. The Company's Confederation Lake properties are base metal and gold prospects situated in the Red Lake Mining Division, Northwestern Ontario. 	Aurcrest Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 7, 1982
ACU	Aurora Solar Technologies Inc., formerly Aurora Control Technologies Inc., is a Canada-based company engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing production measurement and control systems (PMC) to the solar wafer, cell and panel manufacturing industry. The Company's products include Decima and Veritas. Its Decima measures the emitter dopant within a polycrystalline silicon photovoltaic (PV) wafer. Its Veritas system is a visualization, operations and administration system for the Aurora Decima measurement systems on a solar cell production line. Veritas coordinates measurements from the Decima system with furnace wafer positions to visualize and characterize process performance. The Company's services include system configuration and performance planning, which designs and engineers Decima and Veritas configurations; system engineering and operations training courses, and optimization services, which offers tuning of the system after installation and commissioning. 	Aurora Solar Technologies Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	--	
AUX	nul	Auramex Resource Corp			--	
ASG	Aurora Spine Corporation is an early stage company. The Company is focused on producing solutions for the spinal implant market through a series of minimally invasive, regenerative spinal implant technologies. The Company has completed development of its initial interspinous process (ISP) lumbar fusion device, the ZIP and ZIP ULTRA. ISP devices are designed for patients suffering from degenerative disc disease whose pain has not been eliminated by non-surgical treatment methods. Additionally, it has also completed development and offers a line of interbody products, which include the TiNano product line, including EOS, Echo and EchoXL for the lumbar section of the spine and Discovery for cervical procedures. 	Aurora Spine Corp	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	13	July 4, 2013
ARU	Aurania Resources Ltd. (Aurania) is a Canada-based junior exploration mining company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and mining of precious metal mineral resources. Aurania's search includes the review of existing data, grid establishment, geological mapping, geophysical surveying, trenching and pitting, and reverse circulation and diamond drilling to test targets. The Company primarily explores for gold and uranium mineral deposits. The Company holds an approximate 100% interest in three exploration permits in the Canton of Valais in Switzerland, through its wholly owned subsidiary, AuroVallis Sarl (AVS). Aurania's exploration permits include Mont Chemin Project (gold-silver), with an area of around 31 square kilometers; Marecottes Project (uranium), with an area of approximately 36 square kilometers, and Siviez Project (uranium-copper-gold-silver), with an area of around 31.6 square kilometers. 	Aurania Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 26, 2007
AU	Aurion Resources Ltd. (Aurion) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the evaluation, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada, Mexico, the United States and Finland. The Company's projects in the United States include Logan Pass gold property and Bull Property. Its project areas in Finland include Ahvenjarvi, Kutuvuoma and Silasselka. The Logan Pass gold property is located in Lincoln County, SE Nevada, approximately 150 kilometers north of Las Vega. The property consists of around 147 unpatented claims covering around 1,229 hectares. The Bull property is located in east-central Nevada, around 31 kilometers southeast of Eureka, on the southern extension of the prolific Battle Mountain-Eureka Trend. Ahvenjarvi is located 30 kilometers S-SW of the Kittila Gold deposit. Kutuvuoma is located 35 kilometers SE of the Kittila Gold deposit. Silasselka is located 38 kilometers NW of the Kittila Gold deposit. 	Aurion Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 6, 2006
AVA	Aurvista Gold Corporation is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is primarily involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties in Canada. Its Douay Gold Project (Douay), consists 250 100%-owned contiguous claims totaling 13,310 hectares or 133.1 square kilometers (sq. km.) plus 5 90%-owned contiguous claims totaling 23 hectares or 0.2 sq. km. plus 32 75%-owned contiguous claims totaling 1,194 hectares or 11.9 sq. km. in total 287 claims totaling 14,527 hectares or 145.3 sq. km. located along a 20 km segment of the Casa Berardi Deformation Zone in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt of northern Quebec. Douay is located approximately 55 kilometers southwest of Matagami and 120 kilometers north of Amos, Quebec. 	Aurvista Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1	June 22, 2011
AUT	Austin Resources Ltd., formerly Azul Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Chile and Canada. The Company's operational segments include Chile and Canada. The Company has an interest in a prospective copper-iron property in Chile which is held by its wholly owned subsidiary, Minera Azul Ventures Limitada (Minera Azul). In addition, the Company has a 100% interest in an early-stage gold exploration property in Ontario, Canada. The Company's La Higuera Project is located within the Coastal Range of Chile, located approximately 600 kilometers north of Santiago. Its Treasure Property is an early-stage gold exploration property. 	Austin Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 15, 2007
VVA	Avagenesis Corp. (Avagenesis) is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is a biotechnology company. The Company has developed a bioprocessing system that isolates and potent adipose-fat derived adult stem cells and regenerative cells for use in research and in the practice of cosmetic surgery and regenerative medical aesthetics. Avagenesis is a cellular bioprocessing company that through its technology isolates cellular components from autologous human tissue for use in the field of medical aesthetics and cellular therapies. The Company's cellular bioprocessing technology creates an isolation phenomenon that is observed in blood circulation to isolate stem cells within the cell fraction from human adipose tissue. 	Avagenesis Corp			--	December 6, 2013
AVZ	Avala Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based gold and copper exploration company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties located in the Republic of Serbia. The Company's projects consist of the Timok Gold Project and the Tulare Copper-Gold Porphyry Project. The Company also holds exploration licenses over a number of early stage mineral properties located in Serbia. The Timok Gold Project is a north-trending sediment-hosted gold mineralized belt, which consists of several gold deposits, including Bigar Hill, Korkan, Korkan East and Kraku Pester. The Tulare Project consists of several porphyry copper-gold targets, including the Kiseljak and Yellow Creek deposits, as well as the Bakrenjaca carbonate-base metal gold epithermal vein system. 	Avala Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 29, 2010
AUG	Auryn Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Company holds interest in the Committee Bay Project in Nunavut, Canada. The Committee Bay Project consists of approximately 66,160 hectares situated along the Committee Bay Greenstone Belt (the CBGB) approximately 180 kilometers North East of the Meadowbank mine and extends over 300 kilometers northeast. 	Auryn Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 9, 2008
AVN	Avanti Energy Inc. (AVN) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, developing, exploring and evaluating oil and gas properties prospective for hydrocarbons. The Company has a 25% % working interest in the VUA Miller #1 Well. The Company holds a 25% interest in the PWK Wells, which consist of two wells. 	Avanti Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 7, 2011
AVE	Aveda Transportation and Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based provider of specialized transportation services required for the drilling exploration, development and production of petroleum resources in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and in the United States principally in and around the states of Texas, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, North Dakota and Oklahoma. The Company provides transportation services, including both the equipment necessary to move the load, as well as personnel capable of securing, moving and manipulating the load to its destination. The Company's rental operations include the rental of tanks, mats, pickers, light towers, well-site shacks and other equipment necessary for oilfield operations. The Company has two operating segments: Canada and the United States. 	Aveda Transportation and Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	586	May 8, 2006
XX	Avante Logixx Inc. is a Canada-based security company operating through its subsidiaries, enables personal and commercial security & safety, security monitoring, advanced video analytics, automation, and smart real time monitoring in various sectors via its SmartBoxx technology. The SmartBoxx platform provides functionality for applications in both security and other market verticals including energy efficiency and management, remote monitoring in various industry applications, home comfort, and automation. The Companys security services are personal and residential, commercial, intelligent perimeter protection video analytics, security system and camera integration. Its subsidiaries are Avante Security Inc. and INTO Electronics Inc. Avante Security Inc. is engaged in executive protection, rapid alarm response, intelligent perimeter protection using video analytics, enhanced security systems, monitoring and secured executive transport services. 	Avante Logixx Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	0	May 19, 2006
ASM	Avino Silver & Gold Mines Ltd. is engaged in the production and sale of silver, gold, and copper and the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company holds mineral claims and leases in Durango, Mexico and in British Columbia and the Yukon Territory, Canada. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's production, exploration, and evaluation activities were conducted on its Avino Property and its Bralorne Mine property. The Company holds a 99.66% effective interest in Compania Minera Mexicana de Avino, S.A. de C.V. (Avino Mexico), and a Mexican corporation which owns the Avino Property. The Avino Property covers approximately 1,104 hectares (excluding La Potosina) and is located approximately 80 km North-East of the city of Durango. The Company also holds 100% interest in the Bralorne Mine property through its ownership of Bralorne Gold Mines Ltd. 	Avino Silver & Gold Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	August 22, 1969
AVD	Avidus Management Group Inc. (Avidus) is engaged in marketing and distribution of nutraceuticals and health aids to retail vendors and to individuals or businesses. The Company through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Asantae, Inc. (Asantae) and Truestar Health Group Inc. (Truestar), develops, produces and markets brands of nutritional products through direct and network marketing channels. Avidus' brands include Asantae, Akea and Truestar. Asantae includes two products IS2, a functional beverage that supports the body's natural ability to protect, fight and rebuild against the effects of injury, illness and disease, and RealW8, a weight loss supplement. Akea is a supplement consisting of natural ingredients that work synergistically to provide the body the nutrients it needs. Truestar is a personal profiling total health program, which includes a suite of over 30 products and resources that are used to create nutritional, diet and exercise plans. 	Avidus Management Group Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	January 31, 2006
AXQ	Axe Exploration Inc. (Axe Exploration) is a Canada-based mining and exploration company. The Company is primarily engaged in the exploration of gold deposits and precious metals located in Canada. It has interests in five properties located in Abitibi, Quebec. Axe Exploration has interest in the Destorbelle project, constituted by 24 claims located at the west of Aiguebelle-Goldfield showing. The Companys Commandant Property is located near Val DOr, constituted by 64 mining claims totaling approximately 3,717 hectares. The Companys Gold Peak Property is constituted by 43 mining claims totalling approximately 1,955 hectares and is located in the southeast of the Fault Porcupine-Destor. Axe Explorations Unique Property is constituted by 12 mining claims totalling about 449.54 hectares, which is adjacent to the Fayolle Property (Typhon). Its Tresor Property is constituted by 20 mining claims totalling approximately 851.58 hectares and is adjacent to the Fayolle Property (Typhon). 	Axe Exploration Inc			--	October 17, 2007
AXM	AXMIN Inc. is a Canada-based international mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the African continent. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, has exploration projects in the Central African Republic (CAR), Senegal and Mozambique. The Company's primary asset is the Passendro gold project situated in the CAR. The Company's Passendro gold project is located in the center of a mining license, which covers an area of around 355 square kilometers. It holds interest in this property through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Aurafrique SARL (Aurafrique), which holds prospecting and exploration permits for the property, and SOMIO Toungou SA, which holds the mining permit for the Passendro project. In addition, the Company owns two, three-year renewable exploration licenses, Bambari 1 and 2, covering an area of around 1,240 square kilometers, which ring fence the mining license and cover around 90 kilometer strike along the Bambari greenstone belt. 	AXMIN Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	11	November 26, 2001
VIV	Avivagen Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in developing science-based, natural health products for animals that are proven in clinical trials. The Company is focused on the development of products from the oxidation of carotenoids based on its OxC-Beta (oxidized carotenoid) technology. It is developing and delivering non-antibiotic feed supplements for optimal livestock productivity. The Company's commercial products are OxC-beta for livestock, Vivamune Health Chews and Oximunol Chewables for dogs and cats. The Company's technologies are based on Natural Health Optimizers (NHOs). The Company has organized into two segments: OxC-Beta product sales and chemistry services sales. 	Avivagen Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	August 4, 2005
AVU	Avrupa Minerals Ltd. (Avrupa) is a Canada-based junior exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company holds 11 exploration licenses through its subsidiaries in Portugal, Kosovo, and partner in Germany. The Company through its subsidiary, MAEPA Empreendimentos Mineiros e Participacoes Lda, holds seven exploration licenses in Portugal, including Alvalade, Covas, Alvito, Marateca, Sines, Santa Margarida do Sado and Mertola. The Company, through its subsidiary, Innomatik Exploration Kosovo LLC, operates Slivovo exploration Joint Venture in Kosovo. The Company owns 85% interest in the Oelsnitz Exploration License in Germany. The license covers 307.2 square kilometers. 	Avrupa Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 23, 2008
AXA	AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company operates in five segments: Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management and Banking. The Company offers a range of life and savings products, including individual and group savings retirement products, life and health products. Property & Casualty segment includes a range of products, including motor, property and general liability insurance for both personal and commercial customers. International Insurance segment's operations include insurance products that notably relate to AXA Corporate Solutions Assurance. The Asset Management segment includes diversified asset management (including investment fund management) and related services offered by AXA Investment Managers and AllianceBernstein entities. Banking segment includes banking conducted primarily in France, Belgium and Germany. 	AXA ADR REPSG 1 ORD			96279	February 20, 1985
AZM	Azimut Exploration Inc. is an exploration-stage company that specializes in mineral potential assessment and discovering ore deposits. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of exploration properties. It holds approximately 10 exploration properties comprising approximately 5,540 claims. Its properties include approximately four copper-gold-silver tungsten rare earth properties (Rex, Rex South and NCG); approximately one copper-nickel-cobalt-rare earth property (Diana); approximately one uranium property (North Rae); approximately one platinum group elements (PGE)-copper-gold property (Qassituq), and approximately one gold property (Nantais) in the Nunavik region, Northern Quebec, and approximately four gold properties in the Opinaca area (Opinaca A, Opinaca B, Eleonore South and Opinaca D); approximately one gold property (Wabamisk), and approximately one chromium-platinum-palladium property (Eastmain West) in Eastmain area in the James Bay region. 	Azimut Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 1, 1995
AAZ	Azincourt Uranium Inc., formerly Azincourt Resources Inc., is a Canada-based uranium exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resources. The Company's Patterson Lake North property is located at Athabasca Basin, Canada. The Patterson Lake North property consists of approximately 10 contiguous claims totaling over 27,410 hectares in the southwest area of the Athabasca basin in northern Saskatchewan, Canada immediately north of and adjacent to Fission 3.0 Corp.'s Patterson Lake South project. The Company's Patterson Lake North property is located approximately 30 kilometers south of the UEX/AREVA Anne and Collette uranium deposits near Shea Creek. The Company has not generated any revenues from its operations. 	Azincourt Uranium Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 7, 2011
BCN	Bacanora Minerals Ltd. (Bacanora) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of industrial minerals in Mexico with a focus on Borates and Lithium. Its operating projects include two prospects namely a Lithium project in the Sierra Madre Occidental and a Colemanite Borate project in Magdalena de Kino. The Magdalena Borate Project consists of two concession blocks covering a total of approximately 15,500 hectares, which has a mineralization of boron mineral, colemanite (Ca2B6O11.5H2O), which contains up to 50% borate (B2O3). Colemanite is hosted in a Miocene-age sediment-volcaniclastic succession. The Sonora Lithium project is also located in Sonora State, Northern Mexico. The project area consists of five concession blocks which include Buena Vista, San Gabriel, Ventana, Fleur and El Sauz. Mineralisation includes clay zones of values from approximately 1700 to 9000 parts per million of lithium, which is lithium carbonate. 	Bacanora Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 29, 2008
BGL	Bandera Gold Ltd. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and, if warranted, the development of mineral properties of merit in Manitoba and Mexico. The Company operates in the mineral resource industry, with properties in Canada and Mexico. The Company focuses on protecting its rights to the Cinco Minas project in Mexico in the court system. All of the properties in which the Company holds interests are in the exploration-stage. The Company has not generated any revenues from operations. The Company's subsidiaries are Nueva California S.A. located in Colombia, and Agave Resources S.A de C.V. and Agave Silver S.A. de C.V. located in Mexico. The Company conducts its exploration activities through Agave Resources S.A. de C.V. and Agave Silver S.A. de C.V. on the Mexican properties. 	Bandera Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 23, 1993
BYN	Banyan Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and development of precious metals, such as gold. The Company has 100% interest in its flagship project, the Hyland Gold Property in the Yukon Territory. The Hyland Gold Project is located in the Watson Lake Mining District of southeast Yukon, approximately 74 kilometers northeast of Watson Lake. The Hyland Gold Project consists of approximately 927 claims totaling over 18,620 hectares. The Company has drilled approximately 16 drill holes for 3,218 meters of drilling focused on the Main Zone, southern extension of the Main Zone, the South-east Au-As anomaly, the CUZ Au-As anomaly and for the THAS and CUZ Sur targets. 	Banyan Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 26, 2010
BAJ	Baja Mining Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company's principal asset is its minority investment in the El Boleo copper-cobalt-zincmanganese deposit (the Boleo Project) located near Santa Rosalia, Baja California Sur, Mexico. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Baja International S.a r.l., owns a 10% interest in the Boleo Project, which is in the production ramp-up phase of operations. The Boleo Project consists of approximately 12,000 hectares of mineral concessions and 7,000 hectares of surface occupancy rights, each assembled as part of a contiguous titled block. The deposit contains seven seams called mantos. 	Baja Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	July 15, 1985
BG	Barisan Gold Corporation is a Canada-based minerals exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, acquisition and development of mineral properties in Indonesia. The Company owns and operates gold and gold-copper properties in Indonesia's Aceh Province on the northern tip of Sumatra Island, which include the Barisan gold-copper porphyry belt and the Abong epithermal gold project. The Barisan Porphyry Belt Project consists of approximately two contiguous license areas totaling approximately 151,620 hectares. The Company has identified approximately 5x15 kilometers corridor that encompasses approximately six drill ready porphyry prospects, including Upper Tengkereng, Lower Tengkereng, Bahu, Middle Ise Ise and Lower Ise Ise. The Abong epithermal gold deposit is a near-surface, low sulfidation epithermal gold prospect. The deposit is located within the Barisan I exploration Izin Usaha Pertambangan (IUP), over 70 kilometers southeast of the town of Takengon. 	Barisan Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 25, 2011
CBS	Bard Ventures Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Companys mineral properties include the Lone Pine and Grouse Mountain properties. The Lone Pine property consists of seven mineral claims covering approximately 1051 hectares, about 15 kilometers north-northwest of Houston, British Columbia, situated in the Omineca mining division. The property area extends over several molybdenum showings, including the Alaskite zone, Quartz Breccia zone, Mineral Hill zone and Granby zone. The Company has 56 claim units in its Lone Pine property. It has a 100% interest in Grouse Mountain property and has seven mineral claims (94 claim units) located in the Omineca Mining Division of British Columbia. 	Bard Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
BGM	Barkerville Gold Mines is engaged in the exploration and production of mineral properties located in the Cariboo Mining District in east-central British Columbia. The Company controls approximately 117,442 hectares of mineral tenure, including three groups of contiguous Crown-Granted mineral claims, such as the Cariboo Group, Island Mountain Group and Mosquito Creek Group, as well as a block of contiguous mineral tenures centered on the Town of Wells, which is located approximately 85 kilometers east of Quesnel, British Columbia. The Company's QR Mine & Mill is located approximately 58 kilometers southeast of Quesnel, in the Cariboo Mining District, and is in close proximity to the Company's other mineral tenures. The mineral tenures cover approximately 1,164 square kilometers along a strike length of approximately 60 kilometers and approximate width of 20 kilometers, encompassing seven producing hard rock mines and three NI 43-101 gold deposits, including the QR Mine & Mill. 	Barkerville Gold Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 12, 1970
BML	Barker Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of mineral resources. The properties in which the Company holds an interest are located in the Cariboo Mining District of east central British Columbia and consist of approximately 92,169 hectares (227,754 acres). The Company's primary focus is on advancing exploration on massive sulfide (MS) and gold targets on the Frank Creek project area, and gold and copper targets on the Kangaroo, Mag, Simlock, Spanish Creek and Ace gold projects. The Ace and Simlock projects are situated in the Barkerville Terrane which correlates with the Yukon Tanana Terrane in the Yukon and Alaska. The Doreen Gold project and the Kangaroo Gold/Copper project are located in the Quesnel Trough. The Company is in the exploration and development stages of its mining properties The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Barker Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	August 1, 2000
BME	nul	Barsele Minerals Corp			--	
BGS	Baroyeca Gold & Silver Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and evaluation company. The Company holds interest in one mineral property situated in the municipality of Quiriego Sonora State Mexico. The Company's Baroyeca 4 Property consists of approximately 7,700 hectares contiguous with and to the north and east of the Company's property situated in the municipality of Quiriego. The Company through its Mexican subsidiary, Boroyeca Gold & Silver de Mexico S.A. de C.V. carries out its exploration activities in Mexico. The Company's subsidiaries also include Tombstone Gold & Silver Inc. and Tombstone Resources Inc. The Company has no revenue generating operations. 	Baroyeca Gold and Silver Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 17, 2006
BG.S	Baroyeca Gold & Silver Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and evaluation company. The Company holds interest in one mineral property situated in the municipality of Quiriego Sonora State Mexico. The Company's Baroyeca 4 Property consists of approximately 7,700 hectares contiguous with and to the north and east of the Company's property situated in the municipality of Quiriego. The Company through its Mexican subsidiary, Boroyeca Gold & Silver de Mexico S.A. de C.V. carries out its exploration activities in Mexico. The Company's subsidiaries also include Tombstone Gold & Silver Inc. and Tombstone Resources Inc. The Company has no revenue generating operations. 	Barisan Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 17, 2006
BM	BC Moly Ltd., formerly Columbia Yukon Explorations Inc., is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of its Storie Molybdenum Property. The Storie Property is located in the Liard Mining Division in British Columbia. The Storie Property is located approximately 6 kilometer (km) southwest of the mining camp of Cassiar, British Columbia which is approximately 15 km west of Highway 37, which connects to Watson Lake, Yukon, to the north, and Dease Lake and Stewart, British Columbia, to the south. The Company also holds a 100% interest in the 1506 Property, which consists of mineral claims located in the Voiseys Bay area of Labrador. 	BC Moly Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 18, 1999
BMG	Battle Mountain Gold Inc., formerly Madison Minerals Inc., is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration of mineral properties. Its exploration focus is the Lewis Gold Project in the Battle Mountain District of Nevada. It is focused on acquiring, exploring and developing precious metals projects in geological districts. The Company operates and owns 60% and has an option to earn the remaining 40% of the Lewis Project situated in the Battle Mountain Trend of Nevada. The Lewis Gold Property is located approximately 2,225 hectares (5,500 acres) in Lander County, Nevada, within the Battle Mountain Trend, which hosts a series of gold mines (Marigold, Lone Tree, Fortitude, Phoenix, Twin Creeks, Midas, Trenton Canyon) with resources or past production collectively totaling more than 25 million ounces of gold. 	Battle Mountain Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	8	August 20, 1979
B	BCM Resources Corporation is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties. The Company is in the exploration-stage and has interests in mineral properties located in the Skeena and Omineca Mining Divisions in British Columbia. Its projects include Shan South Property, Shan North Property, Molybdenum Creek Property, Lorne Property, Alder Creek Property and McRae. Its Molybdenum Creek property, consisting of an area of approximately 1,010 hectares, is located over 15 kilometers northwest of Terrace, British Columbia. Its Lorne Property, located on South Lorne Creek, consists an area of over 279.36 hectares. Its Alder Creek property consists of an area of over 129.7 hectares and is situated west of the Nass Highway, approximately 70 kilometers north of Terrace, British Columbia. The McRae claims consist of over 4,540 hectares, and are situated immediately north and adjacent to the Shan North property. 	BCM Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 15, 2005
BSH	Bayshore Petroleum Corp. (Bayshore) is a Canada-based oil and gas technology company. The Company is an early stage energy company with bitumen and heavy oil upgrading technologies and oil and gas assets in central Alberta. The Company has developed two technologies: Cold catalytic cracking (CCC) technology for heavy oil/bitumen upgrading and an Ultasonic Technology (IUT) for hydrocarbon desulfurization. The Company also has two gas/liquid interests in two areas of Alberta, Bigstone and Kaybob. The Bigstone property is located in Township 61, Range 22 W5M in central Alberta. Bayshore has a 12% working interest in one flowing gas well at 14-24-61-22W5 and a 1.5% Gross Overriding Royalty on a second and third gas well on the lease at 6-19-61-21W5 and 3-25-61-22W5. The Kaybob property is located in Township 59, Range 18 W5M in central Alberta. Bayshore has a 21% working interest in two flowing gas wells. 	Bayshore Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 22, 2003
BHS	Bayhorse Silver Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, financing and exploration of mineral and oil properties. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Kent Exploration NZ Limited (Kent NZ), holds a prospecting permit on the Alexander River Gold Project, located on the Reefton Goldfield district on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It also holds an exploration permit over a portion of the property, including the Alexander River gold mine. The Company, through Kent NZ, holds a prospecting permit on the Lyell Gold Project and an exploration permit over a portion of the property, including the Red Queen gold mine. The Company, through its subsidiary, Kent NZ, holds a prospecting permit covering a range of gold mines in Paparoa, including the Croesus and Minerva. The Paparoa gold prospect is located approximately 35 kilometers southwest of Reefton and 15 kilometers north of Greymouth. 	Bayhorse Silver Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	April 6, 2004
BER	BE Resources Inc. (BE) is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of its LaFlamme property, as well as on acquiring additional interests in mineral resource exploration and development properties. The Company, through its 100% owned Canadian Subsidiary, 8716650 Canada Limited, has a 100% interest in the LaFlamme Graphite Property. The LaFlamme Graphite property is located in Bernetz Township in the Abitibi area of Quebec. 	BE Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 8, 2007
BYU	Bayswater Uranium Corporation is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of uranium properties. The Company's exploration asset is the Reno Creek uranium property, located in northeastern Wyoming. The Company also holds additional uranium interests in Saskatchewan. The Reno Creek Property, located in Wyoming, 40 miles south of the community of Gillette, is an advanced, near-surface uranium project at the permitting/feasibility stage located in the Powder River Basin in northeastern Wyoming. The Reno Creek Property encompasses approximately 20,900 acres of claims and leases, including 588 unpatented mining claims, seven Wyoming State mineral leases, four fee (private) mineral leases and nine surface access agreements. The Company also holds an undivided 100% interest in certain mineral claim blocks in northern Saskatchewan, Collins Bay Extension. 	Bayswater Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 7, 2006
BCM	Bear Creek Mining Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal properties located in Peru. The Company's development projects include Corani Silver-Lead-Zinc Project and Santa Ana Silver Project. Its exploration projects include Maria Jose Prospect, La Yegua Copper-Gold-Molybdenum Prospect and Sumi Gold Prospect. The wholly owned Corani silver-lead-zinc project is located in the Andes Mountains approximately 160 kilometers southeast of Cusco, Peru. Santa Ana silver project is located 120 kilometers southeast of the city of Puno, Peru. The Maria Jose Prospect is located in the Department of Ancash, 140 kilometers north by northwest of Lima. The La Yegua copper-gold-molybdenum prospect is located in central Peru approximately 20 kilometers northeast of the Los Chancas copper/gold/molybdenum deposit. Sumi Gold prospect comprises 1,200 hectares located in the gold-silver epithermal belt in central Peru. 	Bear Creek Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	89	July 16, 2004
BCG	BCGold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of economic gold and other precious and base metal properties. The Company's principal mineral properties are the Engineer Mine Property, located near Atlin, British Columbia (B.C.) and the Minto/Carmacks Copper-Gold Properties located in the Yukon. The Company acquires and develops conceptual, early and mid-stage exploration opportunities and advances them towards resource development. Native gold is the principle metallic mineral at Engineer Mine. Minto/Carmacks Copper-Gold Properties consists of 15,925 hectares land package located approximately 220 kilometer northwest of Whitehorse, Yukon. The Company also owns Rainbow property, Generative properties and Voigtberg property. The Generative properties in British Columbia consists of Hihium Lakes (North and South) and Rayfield; Lauder Creek, Dartt Lake and Clear Range, and Tully property. 	BCGold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 10, 2006
BAT	Batero Gold Corporation is a Canada-based precious and base metals exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the process of exploring and evaluating its exploration and evaluation assets. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of its 100% owned Batero-Quinchia Project. The Batero-Quinchia gold project is located within the Municipality of Quinchia, Department of Risaralda, Republic of Colombia, approximately 55 kilometers to the north of the regional capital, Pereira. The property consists of a 1,407.43 hectare tenement and is supported with full infrastructure including roads, water and power. Its Antenna oxide target is located approximately 200 meters north east of the La Cumbre oxide deposit and has an area of approximately 600 meters by 250 meters. The Cumbre Sur oxide target is located approximately 100 meters south of the La Cumbre oxide deposit and has an area approximately 750 meters by 150 meters. 	Batero Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 15, 2008
BRL	Bearclaw Capital Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties in Canada. Its mineral properties in British Columbia include Axe Property, Bam, Rey Lake, Santa Maria, Aplite, Gnat Pass Property, Man/Prime property, Castle Property and Capoose Property. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Bam, Rey Lake, and Santa Maria properties in British Columbia. The Bam property is located south of Mount Edziza Park, approximately 80 kilometers south of Telegraph Creek. The Rey Lake property is a copper-molybdenum property located in southern British Columbia between Merritt and Logan Lake. The Santa Maria property is located in central British Columbia, 37 kilometers south-southwest of Smithers. The Axe property is located in the Similkameen Mining Division of British Columbia and has a porphyry copper and gold deposit. The Castle property is located on the Kinaskan Plateau. 	Bearclaw Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 11, 1999
BRZ	Bearing Resources Ltd. is a precious and base metal exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Mexico and Canada. The Company's exploration activities in Mexico are focused on targeting precious and base metal systems analogous to the Goldcorp's Penasquito and Camino Rojo deposits at the 25,000 hectare Pedro project located in the Altiplano Region of eastern Durango, Mexico. The Company's Mount Polley and October Dome projects are located in British Columbia adjacent to Imperial Metals Corporation's Mt. Polley copper-gold mine and includes a production royalty on the Boundary property, with Imperial. In the Yukon, the Company owns the VF (2,900 hectares; optioned to Aben), BIG (2,680 hectares), JAY (5,350 hectares; partially optioned to Precipitate), VBA (1,660 hectares), VM (2,160 hectares) and HY (1,000 hectares) properties. 	Bearing Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 13, 2011
BEE	Bee Vectoring Technologies International, Inc, formerly Unique Resources Corp, also known as BVT, is a Canada-based company engaged in developing and owning bee vectoring technology. The BVT system consists of a dispenser tray that is integrated into the lid of bumblebee hives. The dispenser is a removable tray that contains non-toxic organic or synthetic pesticides and fertilizers in powdered form, including BVT's organic inoculant fungi, BVT-CR7, within a compound, Vectorite, which allows the bumblebees to pick up the product on their way out of the hive. The BVT process facilitates a targeted delivery of crop controls to flowering crops and ornamentals using the process of bee pollination to replace crop spraying. BVT focuses on the pesticides and fertilizers markets, as well as an agriculture subcategory of bio-pesticides. 	Bee Vectoring Technologies International Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 20, 2011
BHV	Bellhaven Copper & Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a natural resource company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, specifically precious and base metal properties, in Panama and Colombia. The Company's asset, La Mina project, is a porphyry gold-(copper) project. The Company's La Mina project is in development stage. The Company's La Mina project is located in the Middle Cauca volcano-plutonic belt in the Department of Antioquia, approximately 45 kilometers southwest of Medellin. Within the La Mina project, the Company has around three gold-(copper) porphyry style mineral deposits, including La Cantera, Middle Zone and La Garrucha, which are in various stages of exploration and development. 	Bellhaven Copper and Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 8, 1980
BEA	Belmont Resources Inc. is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company, Montoro Resources Inc. (Montoro) and a non-related third-party vendor entered into a property option agreement to acquire 100% interest (each as to 50%) in one mineral claim in northern Saskatchewan near Uranium City. The Crackingstone River (CRR) claim comprises an area of approximately 750 hectares. The Company holds 100% interest in an additional 232-hectare claim adjoining the CRR from a non-related third-party vendor. It also entered into a property option agreement to acquire a 100% interest in around 14 mineral claims, comprising 102 units, 1632 hectares, located in the Richardson and Norway Lake Townships, all known as the Lumby/Bufo Lake Property, located near Atikokan, Ontario. It has no producing properties and has no revenues. 	Belmont Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3	January 18, 1978
BEL	Belvedere Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is focused on exploring and developing gold and nickel projects in Finland. The Company's properties include The Hitura open pit extension nickel project, Kopsa Gold Copper Property and Rantasalmi and Kiimala. The Company owns 100% interest in Kopsa Gold Copper Property and 81% interest in Rantasalmi and Kiimala property. 	Belvedere Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	
BZ	Benz Mining Corp., formerly Benz Capital Corp., is a Canada-based junior mining company. The Company is an exploration and development-stage company. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and exploitation of mineral properties in the Americas. The Company's principal property is the San Javier Copper Project, which is located near the village of San Javier, which is approximately 140 kilometers east-southeast of Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico. The San Javier Copper property consists of over two non-contiguous groups of concessions. The Group 1 land block contains the Cerro Verde Deposit and includes the Uno, Dos, Tres, Cerro Verde and Ampliacion Cerro Verde concessions, and totals around 380 hectares. The Group 2 land block contains the Mesa Grande and La Trinidad deposits, and includes the San Carlos, La Trinidad Fraction 1 and La Trinidad Fraction 2 concessions, and totals around 307 hectares in area. 	Benz Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 9, 2011
BTC	Benton Capital Corp. is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in exploration for mineral deposits in Canada. The Company's focus is to seek out and explore mineral properties. It is in the early exploration-stage with respect to its property. Its property portfolio consists of the Goodchild project focusing on base metals and platinum group metals (PGMs). It owns Goodchild copper-nickel property. The property consists of over 210 claim units located approximately 10 kilometers north of the town of Marathon, Ontario. It covers airborne magnetic anomaly measuring approximately five kilometers by eight kilometers and represents the Goodchild ultramafic intrusion. It has completed an over 957 line kilometers airborne versatile time domain electromagnetic survey, linecutting, geological mapping, prospecting and ground geophysics. It holds warrants of Coro Mining Corp., which is focused on copper development and exploration with prospective projects in Chile and Argentina. 	Benton Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 10, 2003
BEX	Benton Resources Inc., formerly 0924698 B.C. Ltd., is a Canada-based development-stage mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. Its property portfolio consists of projects focusing on gold, base metals, uranium and platinum group metals. Its properties include Saganaga Lake Property, Long Range property, Elizabeth Anne Property, Cape Ray and Abernethy property. The Saganaga Lake Property consists of mining rights of approximately 20 claims totaling over 50 units. Its Long Range property is located in central Newfoundland and consists of claims approximately of 220 square kilometers. Its Abernethy property is located approximately 10 kilometers southwest of Kenora, Ontario and consists of approximately of 10 claims totaling over 10 units. Its Cape Ray East property is located approximately 30 kilometers northeast of Port aux Basques, southwestern Newfoundland. 	Benton Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 8, 2011
BFD	Beaufield Resources Inc (Beaufield) is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in the province of Quebec in Canada. The Company owns the Troilus-Tortingy Project, which is located in Quebec, Canada, and consists of approximately 695 claims covering around 272 square kilometers. The Company also owns the Opinaca Project, which is located within the Opinaca reservoir in James Bay, Quebec, and consists of 141 claims covering 73.8 square kilometers. Beaufield's Urban property is located in the Abitibi belt in northern Quebec and consists of 173 cells divided into three separate claim blocks: Lac Rouleau block, Macho River block and Lac Kent block. The Launay Gold property is located in the Abitibi region, approximately 90 kilometers northwest of Val d'Or and 35 kilometers west of Amos, Province of Quebec. The Launay Gold property measures 32.7 square kilometers and consists of 83 claim units. 	BEAUFIELD RESOURCES INC	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 4, 2013
BFK.P	BFK Capital Corp. (BFK) is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company's principal business is the identification and evaluation of assets or a business and once identified or evaluated, to negotiate an acquisition or participation in a business (the Qualifying Transaction) subject to the receipt of shareholder approval, if required, and acceptance by regulatory authorities. The Company has no business operations. The Company does not generate any revenues. 	BFK Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 29, 2013
BFS	BFS Entertainment & Multimedia Limited (BFS) is a Canada-based independent North American entertainment company focusing on the acquisition, distribution and production of film and television media. Programming includes classic dramas, mystery, comedy, sports, documentaries and health and wellness and is sold under the BFS, American Home Treasures and Bodhi Lifestyle brands. BFS Film & Television Productions Inc. is an independent production company specializing in factual television in multiple genres, including adventure, science, wildlife, history, factual entertainment and lifestyle. The Companys wholly owned subsidiaries include: BFS Entertainment Limited (United States company), Collectables Direct Inc., Collectables Direct Inc. (United States company), BFS Film & Television Productions Inc. and Oopsadaisy Television Productions Inc. 	BFS Entertainment & Multimedia Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	20	February 4, 1980
BHK	BHK Mining Corp. (BHK) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Dome International Global Inc. (Dome), is engaged in the exploration and development of the Ndjole manganese and gold property (the Property). The Property is located in Gabon, west central Africa, covering a total of approximately 2,000 square kilometers. Ndjole is located approximately 200 kilometers east of the capital city of Libreville, Gabon. The BHK Phase One exploration program includes auger drilling and pitting on traverses over the mineralization in the North East target to establish size and continuity of the manganese horizons. The mineralization is hosted at a sheared contact between chlorite and graphite schist. The manganese anomaly footprint is open to the south, west, and partially to the east. The anomalies North East, South East and South West are Company's primary areas of operations. 	BHK Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 10, 2012
BEW	nul	Bewhere Holdings Inc			--	
BTI	biOasis Technologies Inc. is an early-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on research, development and commercialization of technologies and products intended for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases and diseases of the brain. It is engaged in the development of vectors, such as Transcend and Transcendpep for the transport of therapeutic agents across the blood brain barrier (BBB). Its programs include Transcend Program, Oncology Program, Peptide Program, Transcendpep-siRNA Program and Collaborations and Internal Research and Development Program. The Transcend brain delivery platform exploits the BBB penetrating properties of a recombinant soluble human protein known as melanotransferrin. It has initiated Transcend Vector Program for treatment of CNS symptoms of lysosomal storage diseases and studies to assess the therapeutic potential of the delivery of Herceptin to the brain for the treatment of brain metastases of HER2-positive breast cancer. 	biOasis Technologies Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	November 3, 2006
NRT	Big North Graphite Corp. is an exploration-stage Company. The Company is engaged in graphite development and exploration focused projects in Mexico and Canada. The Company operates in two segments: mining and exploration. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration, development of mineral properties which include Luciana-Gold, Griffith and Brougham-Graphite, Grand Lac du Nord-Graphite in Canada and mining of Nuevo San Pedro, Aki Wiki, and El Tejon-Graphite in Mexico. The Company's El Tejon project is a flake graphite mine and mill in Oaxaca, Mexico. 	Big North Graphite Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 30, 2007
BVO	Bevo Agro Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the propagation and production of greenhouse products. The Company operates approximately 45 acres of propagation greenhouse facilities on over 98 acres of land in Milner, British Columbia and approximately 20 acres of land in Pitt Meadows, British Columbia. The Company offers products, such as greenhouse food crops, field food crops and bedding plant crops. Its greenhouse food crops include pepper, tomato, cucumber and others. Its field food crops include lettuce, cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower and herbs. The Company offers field food crops for outdoor production. The Company offers bedding plant crops, such as geraniums, ivy (trailing) geraniums, pelargoniums, nonstop begonias, impatiens, marigolds, petunias and others. The Company markets its products to various greenhouse growers, nurseries and retail outlets across North America. The Company operates a subsidiary, Bevo Farms Ltd., which is an organic grower. 	Bevo Agro Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	--	July 9, 1985
BSP	Big Sky Petroleum Corporation (Big Sky) is a Canada-based exploration-stage oil and gas company. The Company's oil and gas properties include Alberta Basin in Montana and the Permian Basin in Schleicher County, Texas. In Montana, Big Sky has interests in separate land packages known as the Americana Acreage Block and the FX Block, collectively referred to as the Glacier Prospects. In Texas, the Company owns 90% working interest in an initial lease block of around 2,300 net operated acres on the eastern shelf of the southern Midland Basin in West Texas. The Company is engaged in drilling activities in Wolfcamp and Wolfberry play developing in the Southern Midland Basin portion of the Permian Basin located in west Texas. 	Big Sky Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	July 9, 2009
BKR	Berkwood Resources Ltd. (Berkwood) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company's properties include Prospect Valley Property, Lac Gueret East Property and Lac Gueret South Property. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Prospect Valley gold Property, which covers approximately 10,871 hectares of land. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Lac Gueret East Property. Berkwood's Lac Gueret East Property consists of approximately 38 contiguous claims covering over 2,053 hectares and is prospective for graphite. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Lac Gueret South Graphite Property, which consists of approximately 106 claims totaling over 5,714 hectares. 	Berkwood Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 15, 1979
BET	Bethpage Capital Corp. is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company has entered into an option agreement with Eagle Plains Resources Ltd to acquire 60% interest in the Hall Lake Property. The Hall Lake Property is located in the Fort Steele Mining Division, British Columbia. The Company's Hall Lake Property includes three contiguous claim blocks covering an area of approximately 15,283 hectares. 	Bethpage Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 13, 2010
RX	BioSyent Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company, through its subsidiary, BioSyent Pharma Inc., sources, acquires or in-licenses pharmaceutical products and markets these products in Canada. Through its subsidiary, Hedley Technologies Ltd., the Company also operates legacy business marketing bio and non-chemical insecticides. Its products include FeraMAX 150, Cathejell, FeraMAX Powder, RepaGyn, Proktis-M and Aguettant System. FeraMAX 150 is an oral hematinic indicated for the prevention and treatment of iron deficiency anemia (IDA). Cathejell is indicated for surface anesthesia and lubrication for various procedures, including male and female cystoscopies, catheterizations and other endourethral operations; endoscopies, proctoscopies, rectoscopies, and tracheal intubations. RepaGyn is a vaginal suppository, which helps relieve dryness and helps to promote healing of vaginal mucosa. Proktis-M rectal suppository is designed to help healing of the anus and rectum. 	Biosyent Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	0	May 19, 1999
BGA	BioNeutra Global Corporation is a Canada-based company that develops, produces and markets food ingredients for the food industry. The Company produces prebiotic, high-fiber and low calorie nutraceutical, funcational and mainstream food products with a focus on oligosaccharides through the use of its proprietary biotechnology platform. Its lead product is VitaFiber, an isomalto-oligosaccharide (IMO) sweet natural fiber food ingredient that provides low calorie and soluble prebiotic fiber for human digestive health that comes in a syrup or powder form. VitaFiber can be used in various products, including baked goods, beverages and dry mixes, breakfast cereals, dairy, candies, meal replacement, fruit juices, snack foods, sauces and toppings, dressings, frozen desserts and meat products. The Company operates BioNeutra North America Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary 	BioNeutra Global Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 8, 1996
BRM	BIOREM Inc. (BIOREM) is a Canada-based clean technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and distributes a line of air emissions control systems used to eliminate odors, volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and hazardous air pollutants (HAPs). Biorem also offers Biogas Conditioning technologies specializing in biological treatment of hydrogen sulfide. The Company's product solutions include biofilters, biotrickling filters, multi-stage systems, biogas solutions, organics and anaerobic digestion, SK series and engineered media. The Company's service solutions include biological processes and testing, media sampling and analysis, full system review and inspections, and media replacements and spare parts. It has more than 900 installed systems across the world. The Company has sales and manufacturing offices across North America and in China. 	Biorem Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	December 18, 2003
IMU	bioMmune Technologies Inc. is a is a tier two research and development issuer. The Company is engaged in the research and development of products for the treatment of cancers and for improvement of the immune system. The Company's intangible assets include technology rights and patents acquired from third parties. 	bioMmune Technologies Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 28, 2011
BGE	Bison Gold Resources Inc. (Bison) is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of properties for mining of precious and base metals wholly or jointly owned in the province of Manitoba, Canada. The Company owns a 100% interest in five Gold exploration properties and a 10% buy back option in one Polymetallic mineral property. The Company's 100 % ownership in Central Manitoba property is located on the Rice Lake greenstone belt, approximately 25 kilometers South East of Bissett, Manitoba. It has an area of approximately 10 square miles consisting of over 22 mining claims. The Company's 100 % ownership in Cryderman property is located on the Rice Lake greenstone belt, approximately 20 kilometers South East of Bissett, Manitoba. Bison has an area of approximately 1.3 square miles consisting of over three mining claims. 	Bison Gold Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 18, 2005
BTT	Bitterroot Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activity is the sourcing and exploration of resource properties. The Company's exploration properties include Michigan Lands, Michigan, the United States; North Brenda Property, British Colombia, Canada; Windy Property, Nunavut, Canada, and Other, including the 100% interests in the GK Property claims. In Michigan, Bitterroot's wholly owned subsidiary Trans Superior Resources, Inc. owns recorded mineral title interests covering approximately 363 square miles and leases 880 acres of State of Michigan mineral rights and 40 acres of privately owned mineral rights, all in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. In southern British Columbia, the Company owns 100% interests in the GK and North Brenda claims. 	Bitterroot Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 13, 1957
BIT	Black Isle Resources Corporation is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets in Canada and the United States. The Company has entered into an option agreement to acquire up to a 100% interest in certain claims comprising the Hell Hole Pass Property, located in Utah, the United States. The Company has entered into an agreement to acquire 100% interest in the Jett Property, located in Nevada, the United States. In addition, the Company has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Scramble Property, located in Ontario, Canada. The Company holds eight claims in the Scramble Property. The Company has not generated any revenue. 	Black Isle Resources Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
BMM	Black Mammoth Metals Corporation, formerly La Quinta Resources Corporation, is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties in British Columbia. The Company's properties include Coppertonic Property and Frances Bay Copper prospect. The Company's Coppertonic claim is located south of Canim Lake, which is approximately 350 kilometers northeast of Vancouver, and covers the eastern portion of a copper-gold occurrence called the Sleeping Giant prospect. The Company's Coppertonic claim consists of over 20 claim units covering over 480 hectares. The Company's Frances Bay Copper prospect (Frances Bay) consists of over 200 hectare mineral claim located in the Vancouver Mining Division of south western British Columbia, approximately 90 kilometers northwest of Powell River, British Columbia. 	Black Mammoth Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 17, 2004
BIO	Biosign Technologies Inc. is a developer and seller of cloud-based healthcare software products. The Company is a licensed medical device manufacturer, distributor and exporter of approved and cleared health information technology products. Its products serve in clinic management, home care operations, health monitoring and virtual care management. Its products and services include Aiomed, ClinicServer and EESI. Aiomed is a developer of healthcare software solutions assembled into a cloud-based platform that provides facility management services, document management, prescription management, wound management and social networking services to the long term care and nursing home. Clinicserver is a practice management software developer and creator of ClinicServer and PencilThat software platforms. EESI is a preferred provider network for paramedical benefits, providing services, including physical therapy, registered massage therapy, chiropractor and other allied healthcare services. 	Biosign Technologies Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	2	June 14, 2006
BQE	BioteQ Environmental Technologies Inc. is an industrial water treatment company that has developed and commercialized water treatment technologies to recover dissolved metals and remove sulphate, selenium and other contaminants from water impacted by resource, energy and industrial activities. The Company is a service provider that specializes in treating mining wastewater and specific hydrometallurgical streams with the focus on reducing Life Cycle Costs (LCC). Its services include lab testing, pilot demonstration, engineering design and procurement, commissioning, operations, ongoing technical support and plant optimization. Its technologies are applied to wastewater treatment in mining, power generation, and oil and gas industries, which include BioSulphide and ChemSulphide, SART and Met-IX for metal recovery and removal; Sulf-IX and Sulf-IXC for sulphate removal, and Selen-IX for selenium removal. It has designed, constructed and/or commissioned 17 commercial treatment plants. 	Bioteq Environmental Technologies Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	96	February 17, 1999
BWR	Black Widow Resources Inc. (Black Widow) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's projects include Gremlin Property, Santa Maria Property and Shunsby Property. The Gremlin Property is a copper-zinc and diamonds project located around 70 kilometers north of the Black Thor and Big Daddy chromite deposits in the James Bay Lowlands region of northern Ontario. It holds 100% interest in 39 contiguous staked claims (616 claim units) in the Gremlin Property. The Santa Maria Property is a gold project located in Kawashegamuk Township. The Santa Maria property consists of 24 contiguous claims (146 claim units) consisting around 2,336 hectares. Black Widow holds 70% joint venture interest in the Santa Maria project. The Shunsby Property is a copper-zinc project located in Cunningham Township, Porcupine Mining Division, Ontario. The Shunsby Property consists of around 20 patented mining claims (314.423 hectares). The Company holds a 59.8% interest in the Shunsby Property. 	Black Widow Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 20, 2011
BBI	Blackbird Energy Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged in the acquisition, development and production of petroleum and gas interests. The Company holds 100% Working Interest in 127 sections of the Elmworth project located in the Elmworth area of Alberta. It also holds 100% interest in the 2.1 section Mantario Heavy Oil project. It owns 30.0 net sections of land with prospective targets in the Flaxcombe/Alsask project. The Company also owns non-operated low working interest properties, including Ferrier, Watts, Pembina and Badger properties. It owns 24% to 50% working interest in four properties in Alberta. The Company also owns certain oil and gas assets of the Bromhead Project consisting of two sections of petroleum and natural gas rights comprising a total of 1,280 acres located in Bromhead in South East Saskatchewan. It owns 50% non-operated working interest in the Bigstone Asset. Its subsidiaries include Pennant Energy Inc., Ruger Energy Inc and Blackbird Energy Holdings LLC. 	Blackbird Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	September 21, 2006
BDC	Blackeagle Development Corp., formerly Symbio Capital Corp., is a Canada-based capital pool company (CPC). The Company has completed a Qualifying Transaction (QT) and is in the exploration stage. The Company is also in the process of exploring mining properties in Canada. It operates at 2922 Mt. Seymour Parkway, North Vancouver, British Columbia V7H 1E9. The Company had no significant source of operating cash flow and no revenues from operations. 	Blackeagle Development Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 14, 2011
BLR	Blackhawk Resource Corp. is a Canada-based diversified investment Fund. The Funds objective is to offer investors the ability to gain exposure to the junior markets by investing in equity and debt instruments of various companies. The Fund invests in equity and debt instruments of companies to generate returns for shareholders. The Fund is focused on investing in multiple companies across a variety of sectors in North America. 	Blackhawk Resource Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	March 25, 1986
BHR	Blackheath Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The company is focused on tungsten exploration and development in Portugal. The Company holds mineral interests in five properties in northern Portugal, including Covas, Borralha, Bejanca, Vale das Gatas and Adoria. The Covas property is located in the District of Viana do Castelo in the Province of Minho and consists of 1,949 hectares in area. The Borralha property is located in the municipalities of Montalegre and Veira do Minho, and consists of 127.5 square kilometers in area. The Bejanca property is located in the municipalities of Viseu, Vouzela and San Pedro do Sul, and consists of 89 square kilometers in size. The Vale das Gatas property is located in the east of Porto in northern Portugal. The Adoria project is located in the northeast of Porto in northern Portugal. The Company operates through the mineral exploration industry segment. 	Blackheath Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 2, 2011
BLN	Blackline Safety Corp, formerly Blackline GPS Corp, is a Canada-based wireless location technology company. The Company is engaged in wireless location and develops, manufactures, and markets products and services for worker safety monitoring and portable business tracking applications. The Company's solutions deliver safety, security and location awareness through wireless hardware and custom user interfaces, including mobile, messaging and Web services. The Company focuses on two applications, which include Employee Safety Monitoring and Portable Business Tracking. The Company's tracking products provide businesses surveillance, loss prevention, shipment monitoring, asset security and vehicle tracking applications. 	Blackline Safety Corp	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	November 2004
BEY	Blacksteel Energy Inc. is a Canada-based early-stage oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in exploration, exploitation, development and production of petroleum and natural gas resources in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 	Blacksteel Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	December 23, 2009
BCK	Blind Creek Resources Ltd. (BCR) is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior mining company engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in British Columbia and the Yukon Territory. The Company is focused on completing equity financings to fund its operations, staking the claims consisting the Atlin Property, which includes the Tagish Lake Project and Atlin Project, and Central Yukon Properties, including Carlin Gold Project, Keno Silver Project, BCR-Blende Project, Blende-Ocelot Project, and acquiring its interests in the Blende Property and the Kaza Northstar Property. The Blende Property consists of the Max, Mix, Trax and Trix claims. It surrounds Mt. Williams, 64 kilometer north of Keno Hill, Yukon Territory. The BCR-Blende/Ocelot Projects are two projects, the BCR-Blende and the Blende-Ocelot. Carlin Gold Project consists of 153 quartz claims, located approximately 100 kilometer north-north east of Mayo and Keno Hill, Yukon Territory. 	Blind Creek Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 31, 2004
BXR	Blue River Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in British Columbia, Canada, and Washington State, the United States. The Company's mineral properties are at the exploration-stage. The Company's projects include Mazama Copper Project and Castle Project. The Mazama Copper Project is located approximately 25 kilometers south of the Canadian and the United Sates border in north-central Washington, 143 kilometers northeast of Seattle and 17 kilometers northeast of the town of Winthrop. The Castle Project is located in British Columbia, Canada. The Castle Project consists of four mineral claim groups located in the Similkameen area of British Columbia. The mineral claim groups include RATS Claim, Claimbank Claim, South Castle Claim and Delorme claim. 	Blue River Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 26, 2008
BSK	Blue Sky Uranium Corp. (Blue Sky) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties in Argentina. Blue Sky is a uranium exploration company with more than 6,000 square kilometers of tenements. Its properties in Rio Negro Province in Argentina include Santa Barbara Property, Anit Property and Ivana Property. The Santa Barbara Property is located in north-central Rio Negro south of the city of Villa Regina. The Anit Property is located in the north-central part of Rio Negro south east of the city of Villa Regina. The Ivana Property is located in the north-central part of Rio Negro near the municipality of Valcheta. It also owns the Sierra Colonia property, and 100% interest in the Cerro Parva property in the Province of Chubut, Argentina and Tierras Coloradas property east of the Sierra Colonia property in the province of Chubut, Argentina. 	Blue Sky Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	November 30, 2005
BLM	BluMetric Environmental Inc. is a Canada-based cleantech company. The Company delivers solutions related to environmental issues. It delivers its product and service offerings through two operating groups: the professional services group and the water systems group. The professional services group provides environmental earth sciences and engineering solutions, contaminated site remediation, water resource management, occupational health and safety, renewable energy services, and services in sub-disciplines, such as geomatics and unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) data gathering. The water systems group is focused on military contracts, design-build, and pre-engineered solutions to industrial/commercial water and wastewater treatment needs, as well as the development and marketing of various products for water, wastewater and waste treatment. The Company operates in Canada, the United States and other international markets. WESA Tecnologias S.A. de C.V. is its wholly owned subsidiary. 	BluMetric Environmental Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	November 16, 2012
BOC	BlueOcean NutraSciences Inc., formerly Solutions4CO2 Inc., is a Canada-based development stage company that is focused on developing nutraceutical oil products. The Company offers products focused at the Natural Astaxanthin, Omega-3 and Algal oil health and wellness markets. It is developing two oil product lines: AstaShrimp and AlgaOmega. 70717 Newfoundland and Labrador Ltd is a joint venture of the Company with a Canadian shrimp processor that provides the shrimp feedstock for the extraction of Northern AstaShrimp. It owns the rights to produce and sell the Pacific and Southern AstaShrimp oils. 2453969 Ontario Inc. is a joint venture of the Company with CMax Technologies that provides extended release omega- 3/astaxanthin tablets. It offers AlgaOmega oil, a vegetarian and non-GMO omega-3 algal oil with polar lipids for the omega-3 algal oil ingredient market. Its extended release tablets are offered for the omega-3 consumer and astaxanthin consumer dietary supplements markets. 	BlueOcean NutraSciences Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	4	September 17, 2010
BTV	BlueRush Media Group Corp. (BlueRush) is a Canada-based digital marketing company. The Company is engaged in creating custom experiences, which enables brands to communicate with existing customers, prospects and internal staff online, through mobile and social media. The Companys service INDIVIDEO is a video engagement service that creates videos for each and every customer. The Companys product DigitalReach is used to centralize marketing and communication materials at one place. The Company provides healthcare services, which include communication of content to healthcare segments, including health care professionals, patients and caregivers. The Company provides financial services, which include retail banking, deposits, loans, mortgages, investments, as well as insurance. 	Bluerush Media Group Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	April 6, 2004
BPL	Bluedrop Performance Learning Inc is a Canada-based e-learning company. The Company Learning Networks business provides learning management solutions and content to private and public sector customers. Its Bluedrop Learning Network Platform (LNP) is a cloud-based, service-as-a-software (SaaS) solution that provides learning platform for training systems. CoursePark is a cloud-based learning management solution for individuals, corporations and other organizations. The Company's Training and Simulation business provides custom courseware development, training products, simulation and resource augmentation solutions to improve the safety, productivity and efficiency of military and civil aviation personnel. Its Complete Aircrew Training System (CATS) is used by the Australian Defence Force, the UK Ministry of Defence, the European Defence Agency and civilian Search and Rescue provider CareFlight. CATS provide Hoisting or Winching Operations, Door Gunnery and Fast Roping, among others. 	Bluedrop Performance Learning Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	10	January 26, 2012
BOL	Bold Ventures Inc. (Bold) is a Canada-based company, engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The Companys properties include Ring of Fire, Wilcorp Project, Northwestern Quebec Project, Lac Surprise Quebec and Emery and Grand Counties. The Company holds 100% interest in Northwestern Quebec project, which consists of certain claim groups in Orvillier, Montgolfier, Grasset, Subercase, Sainte Helene, La Gauchetierre, Poirier, Deppe and Collette Townships in Quebec. The Lac Surprise property is located 70 kilometers southwest of the mining town of Chibougamau Quebec. The Lac Surprise project covers an area of approximately 14,670 hectares. 	Bold Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 31, 2010
BOR	Border Petroleum Limited (Border) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids from properties located in the province of Alberta. The Company has a working interest in approximately 3,200 gross acres in the Red Earth and Dawson area of northwestern Alberta (Non-Reserve Lands). The Company has working interests varying from 57.5% to 100% in approximately 520 gross acres (around 452 net acres) in the Norris area of central Alberta, which also consists of five producing oil wells and one water disposal well. Border has a 37.5% to 100% working interest in approximately 3,170 acres (around 2,770 net acres) in the Cherhill area of southwestern Alberta. It also has a non-operated interest in the Chip Lake property. The Company has 50 to 100% working interest in approximately 3,360 gross acres in the Royce area and in approximately 9,760 gross acres in the Mulligan Area. 	Border Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 29, 1985
BSR	Bluestone Resources Inc. (BSR) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. BSR is a mineral exploration company involved in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties primarily in North America. The Company is exploring for gold in Alaska and for copper in northwestern Arizona in the United States. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Mohave Copper-Moly-Silver Porphyry Project (the Mohave Project) in Arizona. The Mohave Project is located in north-western Arizona and is interpreted as a copper porphyry deposit with silver and molybdenum byproducts. The Company has no operating revenues. 	Bluestone Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 13, 2005
BMW	nul	Brand Marvel Worldwide Consumer Products Corp			--	
BTR	BonTerra Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. It is focusing its financial resources on conducting exploration programs. The Company is focused on gold zones on its Gladiator Project, which is located in the Urban-Barry Greenstone Belt within the Abitibi Sub province, which hosts various deposits and has produced over 180 million ounces of gold. Its Gladiator Project consists of three properties: West Arena, East Arena and Coliseum Properties. These properties are located approximately 170 kilometers of Val-d'Or and approximately 125 kilometers to Chibougamau in the Urban, Barry and Bailly townships in Quebec. It has interest in approximately 95 claim blocks in Quebec near Windfall Lake, 27 mineral claims located in the James Bay area in Quebec and 57 mineral claims located in east of the Urban-Barry Township in Quebec. 	BonTerra Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 1, 2007
BOW	Bowmore Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisitions, exploration and development of gold mineral properties in Canada and Mexico. Its projects include St-Victor project, Duverny gold property, Silica East and Silica Amherst in Quebec; La Scie Gold property in New Foundland and Chivas in Mexico. The St-Victor property includes 534 claims covering 31,472 hectares. The Company owns 100% of the Duverny gold property in the Abitibi region of Quebec and consists of 122 claims covering over 4,766.73 hectares and is located 15 kilometers North East of the town of Amos in the township of Duverny. La Scie Gold property is located on the eastern extremity of the Baie Verte peninsula in Newfoundland. The Chivas Property is composed of 2 claims covering over 24,841 hectares located in the Sierra Madre gold belt. The Silica East property consists of 35 claims covering an area of 1,991 hectares and is located in the township of Amherest. 	Bowmore Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 10, 2000
BC.P	nul	Brassneck Capital Corp			--	
BVA	Bravada Gold Corporation. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Companys principal business activities include the acquisition, exploration, and development of natural resource properties located in Canada and the United States. Bravada controls 14 Nevada properties, approximately 10,000 hectares or approximately 25,000 acres. The Company, through its wholly owned United States subsidiaries Bravo Alaska, Inc. and Rio Fortuna Exploration (U.S.), Inc., controls 14 exploration properties, 1,079 claims which is approximately 10,000 hectares or 40 square miles. The Companys properties are located in the Battle Mountain-Eureka, Walker Lane, Northern Nevada Rift, Austin, and Kings River Rift gold trends. Bravo Alaska Inc., incorporated in Alaska, USA, and Rio Fortuna Exploration (U.S.), Inc., are the subsidiaries of the company, through which the company operates. 	Bravada Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 7, 2011
BHT	Braveheart Resources Inc., formerly Rainbow Resources Inc., is an exploration stage company, which is engaged in location, acquiring and exploring for precious metals in Canada and the United States. The Company is focused on exploration in a proven mining jurisdiction at the West Kootenays in southeast British Columbia (silver and gold). The Companys main asset is its 100% interest in the International (Riverside) claims near Duncan Lake in southeastern British Colombia, Canada. The Companys properties include International/Tin City, President, Gold Viking, Ottawa, Rhea/Sirush, Referendum and Graphite. 	Braveheart Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 27, 2012
BRI.WT	nul	Brazil Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
BKD	Breaking Data Corp, formerly Sprylogics International Corp, is a Canada-based technology provider of semantic search, machine learned language and natural language processing (NLP). The Company's two geographical segments include head office and general operations of the Company and Poynt Inc. in Canada, and its subsidiary, Devesys Technologies, Inc. (DTI), in the United States. Its application, BreakingSports utilizes semantic, machine learned language and NLP to track social media in automated, real-time manner, for sports information and events, and distributes summarized information through real-time push notifications to consumers. It enables mobile application providers to generate revenue into their applications through its Poynt-Enabled software development kit (SDK). It also owns Poynt, a local mobile search application. Through its subsidiary DTI, it develops case management, tracking and reporting systems. DTI's products include TrakBasic, TrakEnterprise and TrakWeb. 	Breaking Data Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	March 17, 2004
BCT	BriaCell Therapeutics Corp is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on immunotherapy treatments for cancer management. It is developing patented BriaVax Vaccine and implementing two compelling Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Phase-I studies with late-stage breast cancer patients. The Companys results have included regression of stage-iv breast caner, as well as lung and even brain metastases. It plans on advancing into a Phase-2a clinical trial to test an additional 24 late-stage cancer patients. 	Briacell Therapeutics Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	July 26, 2006
BNR	Brionor Resources Inc. (Brionor) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties primarily in Quebec. The Company holds a 100% interest in 24 claims located approximately 35 kilometers north of Rouyn-Noranda, district of Abitibi. Brionor holds a 100% interest in 110 claims located approximately 25 kilometers south of Matagami, along the Douay-Cameron Corridor adjacent to the Vezza deposit, district of Abitibi. The Company holds a 50% interest in 34 claims located approximately 15 kilometers to the east of Lebel-surQuevillon, district of Abitibi. The Company holds a 29% interest in 29 claims located in Tavernier and Pershing townships, district of Abitibi. 	Brionor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 8, 2009
BRK	Brixton Energy Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Companys principal business is the acquisition, exploration and development of petroleum properties. 	Brixton Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
BPE	BrightPath Early Learning Inc. is a Canada-based provider of early learning and child care. The Company designs, develops, owns and manages child development and care centers. The Company's objectives include the acquisition and improvement of existing centers and the development of new centers across Canada. The Company offers delivery of care, curriculum designed for each age group to maximize learning and address children's need for intellectual, physical, social and emotional development, resources for children's families, certified nutritious meal programs and ongoing staff training. The Company's centers are equipped with educational supplies, games, puzzles, toys, outdoor play equipment and computers with educational software applications. The Company operates through the provision of child care services segment. 	BrightPath Early Learning Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	648	April 1, 2005
BRI	Brazil Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, together with its subsidiaries, is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Brazil. The Company operates in Canada, Brazil and Paraguay. The Company's principal exploration properties are its Cachoeira and Sao Jorge gold projects. The Cachoeira gold project is located in Para State, Brazil in the Gurupi Gold Belt, approximately 250 kilometers southeast of the Para State capital of Belem and about 270 kilometers northwest of the port city of Sao Luis, Maranhao State. The Cachoeira Project comprises one contiguous block consisting of three mining and three exploration licenses covering approximately 5,742 hectares. The Sao Jorge gold project is located 70 kilometers north of the city of Novo Progresso and 30 kilometers south of the town of Morais de Almeida. The Sao Jorge Project consists of 11 contiguous exploration licenses and covers approximately 58,500 hectares. 	Brazil Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 9, 2009
BBB	Brixton Metals Corporation (Brixton) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal assets. Brixton focuses on Thorn Property. The Thorn Property lies in the Coast Range Mountains of northwestern British Columbia, approximately 130 kilometers southeast of Atlin. The Thorn Project is engaged in silver-gold-copper-lead-zinc-bearing veins, breccia and porphyry mineralization. The Thorn property is located in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, about 50 kilometers from the past producing Golden Bear Mine and 130 kilometers southwest from the village of Atlin, British Columbia. Drill results in the Oban breccia zone have included 95.08m of 904 g/t AgEq and surface samples have returned 6,149 g/t Ag. Hecla Mining Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, owns a 24.73% stake in Brixton Metals Corp. Evanachan Ltd owns 8.907% interest in Brixton Metals Corporation. 	Brixton Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 28, 2009
BRS	BRS Resources Ltd. (BRS) is an international oil and gas exploration company focusing the European upstream energy business. The Company is engaged in production, acquisition and exploration of petroleum and natural gas properties in Italy, through its investment in its subsidiary, AleAnna Energy, LLC (AleAnna Energy). Through AleAnna Energy, BRS holds an approximately 17% interest in AleAnna Resources LLC (AleAnna Resources), a company that has assembled a land position encompassing more than 800,000 acres (3,250 square kilometers) in the Po Valley and Bradano basins in on-shore Italy. AleAnna Resources holds nine exploration permits and four applications for exploration permits. Its exploration permits include Corte Dei Signori, La Prospera, Ponte Del Diavalo, Ponte Dei Grilli, Belgioioso, Fantozza, Bugia, Molino, Bradano Basin. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary in Texas, Bonanza Resources (Texas) Inc., which holds all of the Company's oil and gas assets. 	BRS Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
BRN.PR.A	Brookfield Investments Corporation (Brookfield Investments) is a Canada-based investment company. Brookfield Investments holds investments in the property and forest products sectors, as well as a portfolio of preferred shares issued by companies within the Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (Brookfield) group. The Company's investment portfolio consists of the securities of Brookfield Residential Properties Inc. and Brookfield Property Partners L.P. in the property sector and securities of Norbord Inc. in the forest products sector. The common shares of Brookfield Investments are held by Brookfield, a global alternative asset manager which operates assets with a focus on property, renewable energy, infrastructure and private equity. 	Brookfield Investments Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	22500	January 1, 2007
BTL	BTL Group Ltd. (BTL), formerly Northern Aspect Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based technology company. The Company's business focuses on developing blockchain technologies to disrupt and transform existing industries. The technology is developed in-house and through BTL's incubator and accelerator programs, based in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Company's technology platform is a remittance business called Interbit, which allows the customers remit money from the United Kingdom and Canada to various global territories, including South America, Southeast Asia and Africa. The Company's services include training, support, consultancy, test center network, bespoke development, project management, implementation, assurance and testing, and design. The Company's Surpass is a complete, end-to-end assessment platform for the secure management and delivery of paper based and on-screen examinations and tests. Its subsidiary is Blockchain Tech Ltd. 	BTL Group Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 28, 2011
BRU	Brunswick Resources Inc., formerly Z-Gold Exploration Inc., is a Canada-based junior mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties that include gold and base metals in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt. The Company owns the Abitibi Gold Property, which consists of five 21 year mining leases containing 85 claims consisting of 91 claim units located in south central part of Munro Township in the Larder Lake Mining Division, Province of Ontario, Canada. The Abitibi Gold Property covers approximately 1,459 hectares and is located approximately 86 kilometers east northeast of the City of Timmins. The Company's Munro-Croesus Mine is three kilometers west southwest of the zone C and produced 421,246 grams gold. 	Brunswick Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 15, 2006
BGG	Buccaneer Gold Corp. (Buccaneer) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Companys projects are located in the Banso Concession (approximately 51.67 square kilometers) and the Muoso Concession (approximately 55.28 square kilometers) in the Kibi Gold Belt in the East Akim District of the Eastern Region of Ghana, West Africa. Both concessions lie along the lower, western flank and base and northern extremity of the prominent Atewa Range, which is underlain by Birimian greenstone, phyllites, meta-tuffs, epi-diorite, meta-greywacke and chert. The Company also holds interest in an early stage exploration property, located in Ontario; namely the Massey Silica Project. 	Buccaneer Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 4, 2004
BUF	Buffalo Coal Corp. is a Canada-based coal mining and supply company operating in South Africa. The Company, through Buffalo Coal Dundee Proprietary Limited (BC Dundee), holds interests in coal mines in South Africa (BC Dundee Properties). The BC Dundee Properties comprise the operating Magdalena bituminous mine (Magdalena) and the Aviemore anthracite mine (Aviemore). The Company indirectly holds around 70% interest in the BC Dundee Properties through its 70% interest in Zinoju Coal Proprietary Limited (Zinoju), which holds all of the mineral rights with respect to the BC Dundee Properties. Magdalena encompasses an area of approximately 1,844 hectares and at this mine the Company is engaged only in underground coal mining. Aviemore encompasses an area of approximately 5,592 hectares. The Company supplies bituminous coal and anthracite to both the export and domestic markets. 	Buffalo Coal Corp	Energy	Coal	956	October 17, 2006
BCF	Builders Capital Mortgage Corp. is a Canada-based mortgage lending company. The Company provides short-term course of construction financing, primarily to residential builders. The Company is engaged in acquiring, originating and maintaining a portfolio consisting primarily of construction mortgages that are secured by development-stage residential real property. The Company's short term residential construction financing for home builders includes single family homes, multi-family units and small apartment complexes. The Company provides lending for land acquisitions, bridge financing and equity financing. The Company is a mortgage investment corporation. The Company has investments in various mortgages secured by real property, which include short-term mortgages, residential mortgages and wood-frame construction. 	Builders Capital Mortgage Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	March 28, 2013
BUL	Bullman Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in West Africa. The Company, through its subsidiaries, Guinean Gold Exploration SARL and Guinean Birimian Gold SARL, holds a 100% interest in each of the Siguiri and Balandougouba projects that each consist of three exploration permits. Both projects are in the Kankan administrative region of the Republic of Guinea, West Africa. The Siguiri project consists of three exploration permits collectively covering 24,800 hectares. The Siguiri project is located 830 kilometer northeast of Conakry the capital of Guinea. The Balandougouba project consists of three contiguous exploration permits collectively covering 26,500 hectares. The Balandougouba project is located 900 kilometer northeast of Conakry. 	Bullman Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 17, 2010
BGD	Bullion Gold Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company has two properties in south-central British Columbia, in the Cariboo region: Gold Creek Property, which is a gold project and the Tak Property, which is a copper-gold porphyry project. Both properties occur within the Quesnel Terrane, which contains various copper-gold-molybdenum porphyry deposits and sediment-hosted gold deposits. The Gold Creek Property consists of around 19,544 hectares and occurs to the south, west, and north of the village of Likely, which is located to the north-northwest of the Town of Williams Lake. The Gold Creek claims encompass two areas (4x2.5 kilometer and 5x2 kilometer in size) of anomalous gold in soil. The Tak Copper-Gold Porphyry property is a porphyry target with around 3.5 square kilometer copper in soil and aeromagnetic anomaly. The Tak Copper-Gold Porphyry property covers an area of approximately 16,694 hectares. 	Bullion Gold Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 30, 2005
BW	Brookwater Ventures Inc is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company, engaged in the business of exploring, developing and producing conventional and non-conventional oil and gas reserves in emerging markets, including Brazil. The Companys wholly owned subsidiary is Agua Grande. The Companys subsidiaries, Brookwater Bermuda Holdings Limited and Brookwater (Brazil) Ltd. were dissolved on October 14, 2013. 	Brookwater Ventures Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	December 21, 2009
BVE	Burnstone Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties located in Canada and the state of Colorado, the United States. The Company is focused on Tomichi copper-molybdenum porphyry project in Gunnison County, south-central Colorado. The project is located along the southeastern edge of the Colorado Mineral Belt. The Company has an option to earn a 100% interest in the Tomichi copper-molybdenum porphyry project. The Company owns the Baffin Mineral Claims in the Baffin Island Property, which is located in Nunavut. It also holds varying interests in the Round Rock, Star and Cross claims, which are located in the Northwest Territories/Nunavut. 	Burnstone Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	November 13, 1997
BEN	nul	Butte Energy Inc			--	
CMI	C-COM Satellite Systems Inc. is engaged in the development and deployment of commercial grade mobile auto-deploying satellite-based technology for the delivery of two-way Internet, voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) and video services into vehicles. The Company has developed a mobile auto-deploying (iNetVu) antenna that allows the delivery of satellite-based Internet services into vehicles while stationary. Its satellite-based products and services deliver solutions for both fixed and mobile applications around the world. Its products include iNetVu Flyaway Antennas, iNetVu Driveaway Antennas, iNetVu Fixed Motorized Antennas, iNetVu Controllers and Accessories, Ku-band Driveaways, C-band Driveaways, X-band Driveaways, and iNetVu Ka-75V (ViaSat/Eutelsat), among others. 	C-COM Satellite Systems Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	--	December 9, 1997
CBE	Cabo Drilling Corp. (Cabo) is a Canada-based drilling services company. The Company serves the mining industry in North, Central and South America, as well as Europe. The Company provides various drilling services, including surface and underground coring, directional, reverse circulation and geotechnical drilling, as well as tree falling and clearing services in Central America. Cabo supports its customers' drilling requirements from its central operating division in Kirkland Lake, Ontario, Canada, with branch offices that are located in Springdale, Newfoundland (Atlantic Canada) and Surrey, British Columbia (Western and Northern Canada, and the United States). The Company also maintains divisional offices in Panama City, Panama (Central America and Colombia), and Tirana, Albania (Balkan States and Europe). The Company's range of drilling services also includes deep hole, fly and man-portable drilling. 	Cabo Drilling Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	1996
CXD	Cadan Resources Corporation (Cadan) is an exploration stage company. The Companys principal business activity is natural resource exploration, focusing on resources located in the Philippines. The Company owns a gold processing plant located at the TBoli project site. The Company has three main projects: the TBoli Gold-Silver Project; the Batoto Gold Project; and, the Agusan Copper-Gold Project. TBoli Gold-Silver Project is located in south-central Mindanao, Philippines. The TBoli gold-silver project situated approximately 130 km southwest of Davao City, and 40 km west-northwest of General Santos City, in the Province of South Cotabato, Mindanao Island. The Batoto prospect is situated approximately 90km northeast of Davao City, on the eastern side of Mindanao Island, Philippines. The Company holds a 20% equity interest in Agusan Metals Corporation (Agusan). Agusan owns the Comval porphyry skarn copper-gold deposits. 	Cadan Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 28, 2007
CAY	Cache Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company, through Cache Minerals Inc., holds 100% interest in CMI Quinn Eskay Property, the White River Properties and the CMI Cross Hills Property. The Quinn Eskay Property is located in the Skeena mining district of British Columbia (BC), which consists of four claims located 50 kilometer northwest of the town of Stewart, BC and 10 kilometer northwest of the Granduc Mine. The White River Properties are located at the intersection of the White River with the Yukon River, approximately 100 kilometer south of Dawson City. The White River property claims include a group of 51 claims, termed the White River Northwest Property adjacent to the White River, and 39 claims, termed the White River Southeast Property adjacent to the Yukon River. 	Cache Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 3, 2005
CDC	Cadillac Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based development focused exploration company. The Company operates in two segments: the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada and Peru. The Company has three Canadian exploration projects and an exploration project in Peru. The Thierry property is located in north-western Ontario adjacent to the Town of Pickle Lake. The Burnt Hill property is a tungsten tin property located outside of Fredericton, New Brunswick. The Kirkland Lake gold property is located outside the town of Kirkland Lake, Ontario. The Company also has interest in the Lima Norte property located in Peru. The Thierry property consists of about 27 mining leases encompasses a land position of approximately 4,670 hectares and three unpatented contiguous claims totaling 750 hectares. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Cadillac Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	
CTI	CaiTerra International Energy Corp is a Canada-based company engaged in the identification, evaluation and development of oil and gas assets. The Company holds around 50% working interest in the entire Faust property. The entire Faust property consists of around 45 sections (28,800 net acres of land). The Company has undertaken a winter drill program with the drilling of two wells. The Company drilled vertically through the Bluesky formation to test the presence of the Bluesky sand oil zone and log each well to determine reservoir characteristics. The first well was drilled and reached a total depth of approximately 2,023 meters and the second well was drilled and reached a total depth of around 1,055 meters. 	CaiTerra International Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	July 27, 2009
CXB	Calibre Mining Corp. engages in the acquisition, advancement and development of precious and base metals assets and mineral properties presently in Nicaragua. The Company is focused on the exploration in a prospective, but underexplored region of the historic Mining Triangle in northeast Nicaragua, named the Borosi Concessions located approximately 275 kilometers northeast of the capital city of Managua and 80 kilometers west of the coastal town of Puerto Cabezas. The area is prospective for gold, silver and copper mineralization. It has an option to acquire 70% interest in the Eastern Borosi Project consisting of approximately 176 square kilometers within the Borosi Concessions, Northeast Nicaragua; a 70% total in the Primavera gold-copper project, a 65% interest in approximately 33 square kilometers Rosita D concession. It has 100% ownership in approximately 253 square kilometers Siuna District, which hosts a range of Au-skarn, porphyry and epithermal vein targets. 	Calibre Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	9	January 15, 1969
CGM	California Gold Mining, Inc., formerly Upper Canada Gold Corporation, is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Company's projects include Fremont project and Dingman project. The Company focuses on developing its Fremont gold project in Mariposa County, California. The project consists of a land package totaling approximately 3,350 acres of gold mines. The Fremont project lies within California's prolific Mother Lode Gold Belt. The Company's Dingman project is located in southeastern Ontario within the Grenville Province, in the Marmora and Madoc Townships, approximately 55 kilometers north of Belleville, Ontario. The Company's subsidiaries include California Gold Mines (US) Inc. and Fremont Gold Mining LLC. 	California Gold Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 17, 1998
CKB	nul	Calico Resources Corp			--	
CNO	California Nanotechnologies Corp. (Cal Nano) is engaged in the research and development of nanocrystalline materials through grain size reduction. The Company has two business segments: Nanocrystalline materials and Solar coatings. Its Nanocrystalline materials segment is engaged in the development, processing, marketing and sale of nanocrystalline materials for coatings and bulk material applications. The Company's Solar coatings segment conducts sale of the application of white solar reflective roof coatings. Cal Nano offers both spark plasma sintering (SPS) services and equipment support. The Company serves aerospace, defense, academia, automotive, medical, oil and gas, resource development, and sports and recreation industries. Its subsidiaries include California Nanotechnologies Inc. and White Roof Solutions Inc. 	California Nanotechnologies Corp	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	May 19, 2002
CNX	Callinex Mines Inc. (Callinex) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation of assets in the provinces of Manitoba and British Columbia, Canada. The Company's focus is on carrying out exploration activities on the Flin Flon and Pine Bay properties, located in the Flin Flon Mining area, for the purpose of identifying volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) deposits. Its projects include Pine Bay Project, Flin Flon Project, Gossan Gold Project and Sneath Lake Project. Its additional properties include Island Lake Gold Project, Neuron Project, Coles Creek Project and Fox River Project. Its Pine Bay Project is located to the east of Flin Flon and covers an area of approximately 4,500 hectares. The project includes a mineral lease that allows for the right to operate a mine and covers around 212 meters vertical shaft. Flin Flon project is located to the southeast of Flin Flon and covers an area of approximately 2,455 hectares. 	Callinex Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 21, 2011
CRU	Cameo Resources Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company has interests in MEG Gold Property, which is located in the Morogoro rural district of Tanzania. The Company, through MEG Gold Property, holds Prospecting License (PL) 6305/2010, which is represented by notification of grant HQP 26835. The Company has operations in Canada and Tanzania. The Company has not generated revenues from its operations. 	Cameo Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 3, 1987
CYX	nul	Calyx Bio-Ventures Inc			--	
CCB	Canada Carbon Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company's principal business is the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company is at the early stages of exploration and evaluation on its projects. The Company holds a 100% interest in three graphite properties located in Quebec, including two past producing graphite mines, the Miller and the Asbury. The Miller hydrothermal lump-vein graphite mine and surrounding property covers an area of approximately 100 square kilometers and is located around 80 kilometers west of Montreal in the Grenville Township. The Asbury is located in the north of the Ottawa-Gatineau area. The Dun Raven graphite deposit is located in Thorne Township. 	Canada Carbon Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 13, 1985
CCK	Canada Coal Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged the acquisition and exploration of coal properties in Nunavut, Canada. The Company is at the early stages of development on its projects. It is in the process of exploring its properties and has not determined whether the properties contain reserves that are economically recoverable. 	Canada Coal Inc	Energy	Coal	--	February 23, 2012
LL	Canada Rare Earth Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage company that is developing a vertically integrated business within the global rare earth industry with the initial mandate of acquiring and exploring mineral property interests. The Company's projects include Mata Azul, Red Wine, Clay-Howells, Coldwell Complex and Hinton Coal. Its Red Wine project is located approximately 160 kilometers northwest of Happy Valley-Goose Bay and approximately 120 kilometers northeast of Churchill Falls. Its Clay-Howells property is located approximately 45 kilometers north-northeast of Kapuskasing, Ontario. Its Coldwell Complex project is located in the Coldwell Alkaline Complex in Northern Ontario, and covers an area of approximately 1,584 hectares. Its Hinton Coal property is located approximately 306 kilometers west of Edmonton, and covers an area of approximately 2,752 hectares. Its subsidiaries include REM Metals Inc., CREC South American Holdings Corp. and CanBras Minerals S.A. 	Canada Rare Earth Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 26, 2005
CE	Canada Energy Partners Inc. is a Canada-based independent natural gas exploration and development company. The Company focuses on unconventional resource opportunities in northeast British Columbia. The Company has three project areas: Peace River, which covers approximately 35,811 gross acres; Monias, which covers approximately gross 6,521 acres, and Moberly, which covers approximately 2,609 acres. The Company's joint venture with GeoMet Inc. includes coal-bed methane (CBM) or Gething Formation rights on its Peace River Project. The Peace River CBM Project covers approximately 50,188 gross (25,094 net) acres near Hudson's Hope, British Columbia. Its Deep Rights Joint Venture on Monias Prospect agreement covers deep rights on nine (approximately 5,866 gross and net acres) of the 10 sections on the Company's Monias property. Its joint venture partner (the JV Partner) for Moosebar Shale shallow rights on its Peace River CBM Project covers the Moosebar Shale formation. 	Canada Energy Partners Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 18, 2006
CJC	nul	Canada Strategic Metals Inc			--	
CHK.P	Campar Capital Corporation is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company intends to pursue a qualifying transaction through the direct or indirect acquisition of real property and the reorganization into a real estate investment trust by way of a plan of arrangement. The Company has no business operations. 	Campar Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 20, 2014
COR	nul	Camino Minerals Corp			--	
CRO	Canadian Arrow Mines Limited (Canadian Arrow) is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of properties in Ontario, Canada. The Company has 100% interest in certain claims. The claims adjoin and surround San Gold Corporation's Aticwa copper-gold project and include those covered by the Company's Denmark Lake, Turtlepond, Emmons Prigg and Glatz properties. Canadian Arrow's subsidiaries include Legendary Ore Mining Corporation and Kenbridge Nickel Mines Limited. 	Canadian Arrow Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 8, 1938
CDN	CanaDream Corporation is a Canada-based sells recreational vehicle (RV) fleet on a wholesale and retail basis. The Company is utilizes its business-to-business web-enabled system, www.canadasbest.com, and its business-to-consumer on-line Internet reservation system, www.canadream.com, to operate its network of RV rental locations in Canada. The Company maintains operates in six locations: Calgary, Vancouver, Whitehorse, Toronto, Montreal and Halifax. It also offers a global RV solution by partnering with Apollo Motorhome Holidays in Australia, New Zealand and the United States of America. The Company is also leverages its technology to build a collective membership network of associate dealers that are fully interconnected to the Companys e-commerce systems. It has one associate dealer franchisee in Edmonton, Alberta 	CanaDream Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure Products	26	May 27, 1997
CZX	Canada Zinc Metals Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. The Company has mining interests in properties located in British Columbia and the Northwest Territories. The Company owns land in mineral belt called the Kechika Trough, which hosts Zinc-Lead-Silver base metals deposits including the Companys Cardiac Creek deposit. The Company has two 100% owned projects: Akie (hosting the Cardiac Creek deposit) and Kechika Regional. The Akie claim block covers 106.4 square kilometers and hosts the Cardiac Creek deposit. The Company also owns 100% of a contiguous group of mineral claims that aggregate to a total of 10 properties that cover 68,000 hectares. The mineral claims stretch a distance of 140 kilometers from the Pie property on the north boundary of the Akie claims to the Thro property, near the northern reaches of the Gataga River. 	Canada Zinc Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
XOP	Canadian Overseas Petroleum Limited (COPL) is a Canada-based international oil and gas exploration and development company, active in offshore sub-Saharan Africa. The Company holds a 17% interest in the Liberian PSC for Block LB-13 offshore Liberia. The Block LB-13 covers an area of approximately 2,540 square kilometers. The drilling focuses the Company has identified on Block LB-13 are Cretaceous turbidite sand stratigraphic traps. The Company's subsidiaries include COPL Technical Services Limited, Canadian Overseas Petroleum (UK) Limited, Canadian Overseas Petroleum (Bermuda Holdings) Limited, Canadian Overseas Petroleum (Bermuda) Limited, COPL New Zealand Limited, Canadian Overseas Petroleum (Nigeria) Limited and Canadian Overseas Petroleum (Namibia) Limited. 	Canadian Overseas Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	13	July 8, 2004
CVR	Canadian Oil Recovery & Remediation Enterprises Ltd. provides full cycle oil waste management solutions to the petroleum industry. The Company's customers include upstream petroleum sector (oil production and drilling companies) and downstream petroleum sector (oil refinery, transportation and distribution companies). Its operating lines include remediating contaminated soil; treating sludge, oil based mud and drilling waste; oil recovery; industrial waste management; oil storage tank cleaning; water treatment; oil and gas engineering; project management and complete waste management facilities. Soil remediation, sludge treatment and oil recovery are provided by it through its Advanced Recovery Equipment Systems (ARES) that is based on technologies and processes for the remediation of oil-contaminated soils and oil recovery. Its ARES soil washing plants utilize a combination of environmentally safe and bio-degradable surfactants in a closed-loop system with a continuous flow process. 	Canadian Oil Recovery & Remediation Enterprises Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	January 8, 2007
XOP.WT	nul	Canadian Overseas Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
CPC	Canadian Platinum Corp. (Canadian Platinum) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's properties include Peter Lake Platinum Project, Brabant Lake Graphite Project, Craig Lake/Flin Flon South, Brakewell/Spence Lake and Keystone/Dot/Camel Lake. The Peter Lake Property is located in Northern Saskatchewan, approximately 110 kilometers south of Points North Landing, and consists of 14 active mineral dispositions totaling 61,577 hectares. The Brabant Lake Property is a grassroots prospect consisting of five mineral claims covering 14,654 hectares near Peter Lake in Northern Saskatchewan. The Craig Lake/Flin Flon South property consists of two mining claims covering 7,036 hectares. 	Canadian Platinum Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 2, 2011
XOP.WT.A	nul	Canadian Overseas Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
AGH	Canadian Silver Hunter Inc. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is principally engaged in the business of exploring and developing base and precious metal mineral properties. The Company's South Lorrain Project consists of the past producing Keeley and Frontier mines, the Veinlode Silver Mines mining leases, the Montreal River extension claims and the Tooth Lake claims. The project is located within the South Lorrain silver camp located south of the Cobalt Mining Camp between Temagami and Kirkland Lake, in northeastern Ontario. The Keeley Frontier property consists of 13 contiguous mining claims encompassing the past producing Keeley and Frontier silver-cobalt mines. The Veinlode Silver Mines claims are located directly to the west of and contiguous with the Keeley Frontier claims, connecting the Keeley Frontier with the Montreal River Extension claims further west along strike. The Montreal River Extension claims are made up of six claims. 	Canadian Silver Hunter Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 7, 2006
SPI	Canadian Spirit Resources Inc. is a natural resources company. The Company is focused on the identification and development of opportunities in the unconventional natural gas sector of the energy industry. The Company, together with its joint venture partner Canbriam Energy, Inc., is also engaged in evaluating and developing the productive capability of its Montney unconventional natural gas and natural gas liquids play in Farrell Creek, British Columbia. 	Canadian Spirit Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	9	May 25, 2012
CNZ	Canadian Zeolite Corp, formerly Canadian Mining Co Inc, is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration, development and operation of mineral properties in British Columbia and Arizona, the United States. In British Columbia, the Company has interests in Bromley Creek zeolite project, which consists of a total of approximately one mineral lease and approximately six mineral claims. The Company holds a contiguous claim, 305975, which is located in the Similkameen Mining District of British Columbia. The Company's Sun Group claims include ZEO-TECH 1, SUNDAY CREEK 1, SUNDAY CREEK 2, SUNDAY CREEK 3, SUNDAY CREEK 4, SUNDAY CREEK 5, SUNDAY CREEK 6, ZEO-MAR 3 and ZEO-TECH 2. The Company has interests in over 20 claims in the Bullard Pass Property. The Company has approximately 470 acres of land under mineral exploration permit 08-111861. The Company's mineral properties are in the exploration and development stage. 	Canadian Zeolite Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 5, 1987
CIN	Canadian International Minerals Inc. is a junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of gold, silver and copper properties in British Columbia, Saskatchewan and Ontario. Its properties include Bigstone Lake property, Copper mountain property, Three Amigos property, Reindeer River Syndicate, Pikoo A & B claims and Pikoo C claims. The Copper Mountain property consists of around 20 contiguous claims with a surface area of nearly 1,200 hectares. The Bigstone Lake property consists of around 22 claims, totaling over 25,100 hectares. It holds around 50% interest in the Three Amigos property, totaling approximately 4,871 hectares. It has around 25% interest in the private Reindeer River Syndicate, which owns interest in around 33 claims totaling around 67,350 hectares. The Pikoo A & B claims consist of around five claims, totaling around 3,447 hectares. The Pikoo C claims consist of around three claims, totaling around 875 hectares. 	Canadian International Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 2, 2006
CAF	Canaf Group Inc. owns and operates a coal processing plant in South Africa which processes coal and coal products into calcine, a coke substitute with a high carbon content. The Company operates in two segments: the head office operations in Canada and the coal processing business in South Africa. The Company wholly owns a company in South Africa, Quantum Screening and Crushing (Proprietary) Limited (Quantum). Quantum, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Southern Coal (Pty) Ltd., processes anthracite coal into de-volatized (calcined) anthracite for sale mostly to steel and ferromanganese manufacturers as a substitute product for coke. Quantum produces calcined anthracite, a product used primarily as a substitute to coke in the manufacturing process of steel and manganese. Quantum has an operation near Newcastle, KwaZulu Natal, where its two kilns operate, de-volatizing the raw material anthracite, known as calcining. Quantum's clients include ArcelorMittal and BHP Billiton. 	Canaf Group Inc	Energy	Coal	6	May 3, 2007
CVV	CanAlaska Uranium Ltd. is an exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, principally in Canada. The Company is focused on exploration for high-grade uranium deposits in the Athabasca Basin area of Saskatchewan. Its projects include West McArthur, Cree East and Fond Du Lac, which are 50% joint ventures, and NW Manitoba, which is under option to Northern Uranium Corp. (Northern Uranium). The Company controls an exploration portfolio of around 19 projects totaling over 695,000 hectares. As of April 30, 2015, the Company holds a 50% interest in the West McArthur project. The Cree East project is located in the south-eastern portion of the Athabasca Basin 5 to 22 kilometers north of the south rim of the Athabasca Basin. The Company's other properties include Big Creek, Cable Bay, Carswell, Grease River, Hanson, Helmer, Hodgson, Key Lake, Lake Athabasca, McTavish, Moon, Patterson, Poplar, Waterbury and Zeballos. 	CanAlaska Uranium Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 22, 1985
CSQ	Canamex Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on its gold exploration project, Bruner Gold project, Nye County, Nevada. The Bruner Property is located in central Nevada, about 45 miles northwest of the Round Mountain Mine and consists of 179 unpatented and 27 patented mining claims covering a total of approximately 3,520 acres. The Company has drilled a total of approximately 26,077 meters in 149 core and reverse circulation (RC) holes (3,335 meters core and 22,741 meters RC). The Company's others property Aranka North Property, Guyana, South America is located approximately 140 kilometers northwest of Guyana's capital, Georgetown. The Aranka North Property consists of 98,057 acres. 	Canamex Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	60	October 6, 2009
CLZ	Canasil Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is an exploration-stage with interest in mineral properties, which are located in Canada and Mexico. The Company's Mexico properties include the Salamandra project, which is located in Durango State, approximately 35 kilometers northeast of the City of Durango; La Esperanza project is located on the border of Durango and Zacatecas States; Sandra project is located approximately 183 kilometers northwest of the city of Durango; the Carina project is located approximately 45 kilometers northeast of the city of Durango, and other projects include Colibri silver zinc lead copper project, Vizcaino silver gold project, Victoria zinc silver project and Nora silver gold copper project. Its Canada projects include the Brenda gold-copper project, which is located in north-central British Columbia, Canada, and other projects include Vega, gold-copper property; Granite, gold property, and LIL, silver property. 	Canasil Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3	February 29, 1984
CDG	Candente Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is principally engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Mexico and Peru. The Company's principal asset is the El Oro gold-silver property (the El Oro Property), which is located approximately 110 kilometers west-northwest of Mexico City in the states of Mexico and Michoacan, and within the El Oro and Tlalpujahua mining districts. The district hosts 57 known veins, of which at least 20 veins have past production of precious metals. The El Oro Property has 143 drill holes, 115 historic shafts and 44 adits. The Company holds a 70% working interest in the El Oro Property and 100% of rights to explore and reprocess tailings deposits that are located within the Municipality of Hidalgo, State of Mexico. 	Candente Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	9	April 24, 2009
CNA	CanAsia Financial Inc. (CanAsia) is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in the business of developing new business opportunities in the Pacific Rim countries. 	CanAsia Financial Inc	Technology	Computer Hardware	--	June 26, 2008
CNY	Cancana Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of sourcing mineral properties and exploring them through drilling and research in order to prove up a resource reserve. The Company is focused on the manganese production in Brazil. The Company holds around 30.3% interest in Brasil Manganes Corporation Mineracao S.A. (BMC), which includes 13 claims and a manganese processing plant (Rio Madeira). The Company, through BMC, owns a manganese processing plant (Jaburi) and additional claims totaling approximately 15,000 hectares in Espigao d'Oeste, Rondonia, Brazil. With the addition of these additional claims and other agreement, BMC, the Company has approximately 104,000 hectares of manganese bearing claims in Espigao d'Oeste. The Company produced around 4,631 tons of manganese products from colluvial sources. Cancana Brasil Mineracao Ltda is the subsidiary of the Company. 	Cancana Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
CML	CaNickel Mining Limited (CaNickel) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in nickel mining and related activities, including exploration, extraction and processing of nickel-containing ore, in the Thompson Nickel Belts, Manitoba. CaNickel owns an approximate 100% interest in the Bucko Lake deposit, and operated a mine and mill complex on the Bucko Lake Mine site near Wabowden, Manitoba. The Company also maintains an interest in a range of grass roots and advance-staged exploration properties in the Thompson Nickel Belt, Manitoba. The Company's Bucko Lake Mine asset has placed into care and maintenance. The Company is focused on carrying minimum exploration program, and running the care and maintenance program at Bucko Lake Mine to safeguard assets. 	CaNickel Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	152	January 11, 1937
CLV	Canoe Mining Ventures Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of gold resource property in Canada. The Company's exploration activities are focused on the Iron Lake Gold Project in the White River region of Ontario, Canada, which includes the Abbie Lake, Keating and Killins properties and west of Thunder Bay, which includes the Coldstream and Kerrs properties. The Iron Lake Gold Project is an assembly of approximately 140 square kilometers of options and licenses within the western part of the Mishibishu Greenstone Belt near Wawa, Ontario. The Iron Lake Gold Project covers a 38 kilometer section of the Kabenung Lake greenstone belt that hosts the Iron Lake Deformation Zone and subsidiary shear zones. The 6,410-hectare Coldstream Gold Property is located along the Trans-Canada Highway 115 kilometer west of the City of Thunder Bay in north-western Ontario. 	Canoe Mining Ventures Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 10, 2011
CSC	Canex Energy Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on acquiring, exploring and developing resource properties, and is in the exploration stage with respect to its mineral property. It holds interest in three properties at Perron Lake, Manitou Falls and Cree Bay in the north-eastern Athabasca Basin region of northern Canada. Its properties include Perron Lake, Iskut River, Lorne Lake and Clearwater West. Its Clearwater West Project is located at the southern edge of the Athabasca Basin in Northern Saskatchewan, and approximately 600 kilometers north of Saskatoon. Its Clearwater West Project consists of approximately three mineral claims totaling approximately 11,835.39 hectares. Its Iskut River project consists of various claims, which are located in the Iskut River District of northwestern British Columbia. Its Lorne Lake uranium property covers an area of approximately 40,000 hectares in the western area of the Basin in northern Saskatchewan. 	Canex Energy Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 20, 2006
CGC	Canopy Growth Corp, formerly Tweed Marijuana Inc., is a Canada-based producer of medical marijuana. The Company, through its subsidiaries, Tweed Inc., Tweed Farms Inc. and Bedrocan Cannabis Inc. is engaged in the business of producing and selling medical marijuana in Canada. The Company offers cannabis oils to practitioners and patients. The Company's activities and resources are focused on Tweed's facility in Smiths Falls, Ontario; Tweed Farms' facility in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, and Bedrocan Canada's facility in Toronto, Ontario. The Company offers a range of marijuana strains, including Argyle, Balmoral, Bogart, Brown, Donegal, Herringbone, High Lands, Houndstooth, Livingstone, Mayberry, Norfolk, Porter, Strangelove, Watson and Yorkshire. It offers vaporizers and accessories, such as Arizer Extreme Q, Arizer Solo, Arizer Air and Volcano Medic. 	Canopy Growth Corp	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	--	August 5, 2009
CTM	Canterra Minerals Corporation is a resource exploration company specializing in diamond exploration within the Northwest Territories. The Company's projects in the Northwest Territories include The Gwen property located over 30 kilometers east of the Snap Lake Diamond Mine; The Hilltop Property is located approximately 45 kilometers southwest of the Snap Lake Diamond Mine; The King Property is located approximately 3.5 kilometers to the north of and contiguous to the Snap Lake Diamond Mine; The Marlin property is located approximately 20 kilometers northwest of the Gahcho Kue Project; The Prism property is located approximately 35 kilometers south of the Snap Lake Diamond Mine and The Rex property is located approximately 35 kilometers west of the Gahcho Kue diamond project. The Company holds approximately 33% interest in the Buffalo Hills Diamond Project in Northern Alberta, which is located over 400 kilometers northwest of Edmonton, in the Buffalo Head Hills Region of Alberta. 	Canterra Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 18, 1999
CNC	Canyon Copper Corp. is a resource company with two mineral resource properties in Western United States of America. The Companys projects include New York Canyon Project, Moonlight Porphyry Copper Project. The Companys New York Canyon is located in Mineral County, Nevada, near the town of Luning. The Companys Moonlight project is located around Crescent Mills, Plumas County, California. It is located on the Northern end of the very productive Walker Lane Porphyry Trend that includes producers, such as the Yerrington Mine in Nevada and properties include Canyon Copper, New York Canyon project, south of Hawthorne, Nevada. 	Canyon Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 21, 2000
CD	Cantex Mine Development Corporation is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in exploration of mineral properties for commercial mineral deposits. The Companys project is located in northwestern Yemen where it holds exploration licenses over a 1,400-square-kilometer area for Gold, Nickel, Copper, Cobalt and Platinum. The Companys projects also include Al Hariqah Gold Deposit; Suwar Nickel, Copper, Cobalt, Platinum Project; Wadi Qutabah Nickel, Copper, Cobalt, Platinum Project; Al Masna Nickel, Copper, Cobalt Project; Yukon Gold Project and Nevada Gold Project. The Company has a 100% interest in six gold exploration prospects secured with 140 claims. The Company also has 10 claim blocks covering approximately 30,000 hectares around a new belt of gold mineralization approximately 100 kilometers northeast of Mayo, Yukon Territory, Canada. 	Cantex Mine Development Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	235	October 31, 1994
ROX	Canstar Resources Inc. (Canstar) is Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is focused primarily on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in Canada. The Companys core properties include The McFaulds Property 3 located in the McFaulds Lake area of northwestern Ontario. The property is comprised of six contiguous claim units in three mineral licenses. Its Mary March Property, which consists of 18 staked claims, two licenses, one lease and two patented lots, totaling 1,616 hectares. The Mary March Extension Property, which consists of 34 claims staked in two contiguous blocks, and The Slate Bay Property, which consists of eight claims covering 128 hectares, located approximately 10 kilometers north of the town of Red Lake, Ontario. Canstars non-core properties include the Miminiska Property, and the Shrimp Lake Property. 	Canstar Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 5, 2005
CEV	Cap-Ex Iron Ore Ltd. is a mineral resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of iron ore properties (the Properties) covering an area of approximately 7,245 hectares in the Labrador Trough region. The Properties consist of two regional groups: The Schefferville properties and the Lac Connelly property. The Schefferville Properties are located in Newfoundland and Labrador, and consist Block 103 properties. The Block 103 iron ore property is located within the Labrador Trough, approximately 30 kilometers northwest of the mining town of Schefferville near the border of Quebec, Canada. Block 103 lies within the Schefferville Lithotectonic Zone, which includes the Greenbush Zone and western edge of the claim block lies west of the Stakit Lake Fault in the Tamarack Lithotectonic Zone. The Greenbush Zone hosts magnetite mineralization that covers an area of approximately 30 square kilometers. The Northwest Zone is also located on the Company's Block 103 iron ore property. 	Cap-Ex Iron Ore Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	--	September 1, 2012
CDA	Canuc Resources Corporation is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource projects in the Americas. The Company has oil and gas assets in Texas, United States of America and is pursuing mineral exploration assets in North America. The Company's property in Ecuador is Nambija Project and Midtex Project in the United States. The Nambija property is located in the eastern foothills of the Andes close to the Peruvian border and approximately 400 kilometers from Quito, the capital of Ecuador. The Company has two contiguous mining concessions, which include Condominios Mineros Norte and Condominios Mineros Sur, and over 634 mining rights within those two concessions. The Company has a 20% working interest in approximately 1,000 acre Thompson lease located in Stephens County Texas and a 15% working interest in approximately 14,574 acre Walker Buckler lease located in Shackelford County Texas. 	Canuc Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 3, 1956
CPP	CapGain Properties Inc. is a real estate investment company. The Company is focused on acquiring commercial income producing properties, restructuring them when applicable, and re-packaging them for future re-sale. The Companys properties include, 3920 S. Post Rd-2 acres of commercial land at Indianapolis, 1200 Holden Avenue & 4855 S. Orange Blossom Trail-a lodging facility with 110 rooms at Orlando, 17100 Villa Glen Dr-1.28 acres of residential land located in Los Gatos, 1211 Prairie Mine Rd-18.54 acres of industrial land located in industrial park in Mulberry, 2663 Seminole Trail Ext-10,000 square foot residential estate located in Waycross, The Highlands of Lake Hartwell-35 acre subdivision consisting of 35 one acre lots located at Toccoa, and 466-468 W. Judd St.-Woodstock. 	CapGain Properties Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 30, 2009
CYF	Canyon Creek Food Company Ltd. is a Canada-based food processing company. The Company operates in the food manufacturing industry and all of its assets are in Canada. The Company provides fresh soups and other prepared food products for consumers. The Company provides their fresh food product line to both grocery retailers and a range of food service establishments, such as restaurants and institutions throughout Canada. The Company produces a range of fresh stews and chilies; fresh sauces; fresh mashed potatoes, and fresh gravies. The Company offers three cheese cauliflower soup, Tuscan tomato soup, pho kit and poutine. The Company has introduced its own branded product Canyon Creek Kettle Soups. The Company serves in six provinces. The Company's subsidiary includes Canyon Creek Soup Company. 	Canyon Creek Food Company Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	March 9, 1995
FGF	Capital DGMC Inc. provides investment holding services. The Company engages in the identification and evaluation of businesses and assets. Capital Vtechlab was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Montreal, Canada. 	Capital DGMC Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	March 8, 2005
CSV	Caracara Silver Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Peru. The Companys Princesa-Pilunani project consists of 11 mineral claims totaling 6,900 hectares, located within the Puno region at approximately 1,000 kilometers to the southeast from Lima, the capital of Peru. The Princesa-Pilunani project is divided into three sub-groups, named Princesa, Pilunani and Potoni. This lead-zinc-silver project has been the focus of most of the exploration work carried out by the Company. The Company has signed an option agreement with Inversiones Collodi SAC with respect to its Peruvian exploration properties. It wholly-owns the Solex Del Peru SAC subsidiary. 	Caracara Silver Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 3, 2009
CX	nul	CarbonOne Technologies Inc			--	
CRS	Cardiff Energy Corp is a junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and gas projects in the United States. Its oil and gas projects are located in the States of Oklahoma, and Texas, United States of America. The Company's projects include Runnels County, Lincoln County, Garvin County and Osage County. The Runnels County Prospect is situated in the West-central portion of Texas. The Lincoln County Project is located approximately 30 miles northeast of the Oklahoma City and its producing horizons include the Pennsylvanian aged Prue Sand, the Skinner Sand, the Red Fork Sand and the Bartlesville Sand. The Garvin County Project is located approximately 50 miles south of Oklahoma City. Productive formations include the Tonkawa Sand, the Deese Sand, the Viola Limestone and the Bromide Sands. The Osage County project is located on the south portion of Osage County in the northeast corner of the State of Oklahoma. 	Cardiff Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 1, 2010
CRC	Caribbean Resources Corp, formerly Pacific Coal Resources Ltd, is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and production of coal and coal-related assets from properties located in Colombia. The Company has agreements to acquire, various interests in several operating coal mines and projects representing a coal and asphaltite exploration and production area throughout Colombia. The Company's projects include La Caypa, Cerro Largo, La Tigra and Jam, all of which are located in Colombia. La Caypa is operated by the Company's subsidiary, Carbones Colombianos del Cerrejon S.A.S., and covers an area of approximately 300 hectares. Cerro Largo mine covers an area of approximately 490 hectares. La Tigra project covers an area of approximately 5,700 hectares. Jam covers an area of approximately 50 hectares and is an underground coking coal operation. 	Caribbean Resources Corp	Energy	Coal	87	August 20, 1990
CRB	nul	Cariboo Rose Resources Ltd			--	
CVC.P	Carlaw Capital V Corp., headquartered in Toronto, Canada, is a capital pool company created pursuant to the Capital Pool Company (CPC) Policy. The principal business of the Corporation is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. The company was founded on June 6, 2014. 	Carlaw Capital V Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CGD	nul	Carlin Gold Corporation			--	
EKG	CardioComm Solutions, Inc. is engaged in research and development of advanced software and hardware related to a personal heart arrhythmia monitoring system. The Company's technology is used in products for the recording, viewing, analyzing and storing electrocardiograms (ECGs), for diagnosis and management of cardiac patients. The Company's products include GEMS Home software, HeartCheck ECG devices, medical ECG management software GlobalCardio and GEMS WIN, which is a Global ECG Management Solution for Windows 7 and Server 2008. GEMS WIN can be installed on desktop computers and can track and store comprehensive patient information, including enrollments, symptoms, medications, diagnoses, inventory, devices, follow-ups, schedules and a multitude of reporting options for a range of patient follow-ups and tests. 	CardioComm Solutions Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	16	October 26, 1989
CXM	Carmax Mining Corp. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in exploring mineral properties in Canada. The Company has two mineral property interests comprising a 50% interest in the Whiskey Jack Creek property located in the Cairo Township of the Matachewan Area of the Province of Ontario and a 100% interest in the Eaglehead property located in British Columbia. Whiskey Jack Creek property is operated by Alexandria Minerals Corp. The Eaglehead copper-molybdenum-gold-silver property, located approximately 40 kilometers east of Dease Lake, consists of 30 contiguous claims comprising 479 cells and four mineral units encompassing approximately 105 square kilometers. Its mineralization includes copper (Cu), molybdenum (Mo), gold (Au) and silver (Ag). The Eaglehead property estimate totals 102.5 million tons at an average grade of 0.29% Cu, 0.010% Mo, and 0.08 grams/ton Au and has approximately 662 million pounds Cu, 22 million pounds Mo and 265,000 ounces Au. 	Carmax Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 16, 2000
CQC	Carolina Capital Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on the exploration of mineral resources on the GP Property located in the Kamloops Mining Division in British Columbia. It consists of approximately four mineral claims and is located approximately five kilometers southwest of Spences Bridge British Columbia totaling over 1,970 hectares. The GP Property is an epithermal precious metal project, which lies within the Lower Cretaceous Spences Bridge Group, an andesitic to rhyolitic volcanic arc belt of rocks lying in south central British Columbia. This belt stretches from the north of Princeton to the west of Cache Creek with additional outliers continuing further north to Gang Ranch. The GP Property is underlain andesitic lava flows of the Spius Formation. Abundant epithermal quartz detritus was noted throughout the western half of the property, including agates, discontinuous veins and veinlets, clots, blowouts and felsenmeer. 	Carolina Capital Corp	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	July 26, 2010
CHQ	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
CUC	Carube Copper Corp., formerly Miocene Resources Ltd, is a Canada-based exploration company focused on the exploration and development of copper and precious metal projects in Jamaica and Canada. Its projects in Jamaica include: Bellas Gate and Above Rocks, which are the subject of separate joint venture agreements with OZ Exploration Pty Limited (OZE), a wholly-owned subsidiary of OZ Minerals Ltd., an Australian copper-gold producer; Main Ridge, an exploration license in the western portion of Jamaica's Central Inliers, as well as Hungry Gully, an exploration license that covers copper and gold values in soil samples. Furthermore, the Companys projects in Canada include Makenzie, Rogers Creek and Salal, which are porphyry copper-gold-molybdenum properties within the Tertiary-aged Cascade Magmatic Arc in southwestern British Columbia. Exploration continues on these properties with the goal of joint venturing them to larger exploration and mining companies. 	Carube Copper Corp.	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 29, 2010
CDX	Cassidy Gold Corp. is a Canada-based explorer and developer of commercially exploitable mineral deposits. The Company's principal business activity is the development of a mine on its mineral property assets located in Guinea, West Africa. The Company owns a 100% interest, subject to a 15% state participation, in the Kouroussa gold exploitation licenses in Guinea. Kouroussa is located approximately 570 kilometers east of Conakry. The Kouroussa basement geology incorporates the Siguiri Basin, which is a palaeo-Proterozoic sedimentary sequence. The Company also has two exploitation licenses that are the subject of a Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA). They cover an area of 16 square kilometers in total. The Company's subsidiaries include Societe Miniere Africaine (Mina) S.A.R.L. and the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Societe Cassidy Gold Guinee S.A.R.L. and Societe Kouroussa Gold Guinee S.A.R.L. 	Cassidy Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 26, 1984
CAP	Castle Peak Mining Ltd. is a junior exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of early stage gold properties. The Akorade Project is an early stage exploration project and consists of nine contiguous mineral concessions covering a total of approximately 225 square kilometers situated within the Ashanti Gold Belt, south-west Ghana. The licenses are known as Nkwanta, Ayiem, Asuogya, POW, Kedadwen, Bonsaso, Dompem, Enyinase and Great Yorkshire. The Nkwanta concession is host to the Apankrah Shoot Deposit where the Company published a preliminary inferred NI 43-101 compliant mineral resource estimate of 275,000 tons at 8.6 gram per ton gold (Au) for a total of 76,000 contained ounces. The Company has completed diamond drilling of approximately 12,584 meters with the bulk of this focused on the Apankrah Shoot. A total of 43 holes totaling approximately 7,600 meters have been drilled on three identified targets. 	Castle Peak Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 3, 2009
CCY	Catalyst Copper Corp. (Catalyst) is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral property interests. The Company is engaged in the exploration of the La Verde copper project (La Verde) located in Michoacan State in west-central Mexico. Catalyst holds a 60% interest in the La Verde copper property located in Michoacan State in westcentral Mexico through its wholly owned Mexican subsidiary Minera Hill 29, S.A de C.V (Minera). The La Verde copper property is situated in the Sierra Madre del Sur approximately 320 kilometers west of Mexico City in Michoacan State. It consists of the Unificacion Santa Maria claim, consisting approximately 7,904 hectares. Within the concession, mineralisation is hosted within a mid-tertiary granodiorite or quartz monzonite intrusive complex over 5.5 kilometers long and 1 kilometer wide, which is approximately 750 meters above mean sea level, known as the Sierra del Marques intrusive complex. 	Catalyst Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 16, 1983
CVA	Cava Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral and oil and gas properties in Canada through direct and joint ventures. The Companys project portfolio includes Casa Berardi Project, located in Quebec, Gouda Lake-Hemlo East Project, located in Ontario and CO Project, located in Yukon. 	Cava Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 28, 2000
CVN	Cavan Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Companys operating properties include Kaslo Property, Pythonga Property, Buckingham Property, Sainte-Marie, Cage Claims and Tetepiska Property. The Kaslo property is located in British Columbia is over 500 meters in length, which consists of 0.5 parts per billion (ppb) Au to 165.3 ppb Au. Pythonga property is in the Maniwaki region, which contains approximately 390.1 ppm U, 1149 ppm Th and 13600 cps. Buckingham Township, Quebec consists of three colonial lots located in Range IX, Buckingham Township, containing graphite deposits. Sainte-Marie property is located about 70 km north-northwest of La Tuque, which comprises 31 map-staked claims covering 1,705 hectares, which covers granitic gneiss, paragneiss and metasediment. The CAGE claims are contiguous land of graphite mineralization. Tetepiska graphite property is located in northeastern Quebec, which includes 54 mining claims covering approximately 2,900 hectares. 	Cavan Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 28, 2006
CZY	Caza Gold Corp. is a gold exploration company focused on discovering new gold deposits in Nicaragua. The Company is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration, development and exploitation of precious metal and base metal properties. It has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Los Andes property in Nicaragua, and previously owned or held, directly or indirectly, interests in precious metal properties, known as Moris, Santiago Fraction, El Relampago, Oaxaca and Tecolote in Mexico. It has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Los Andes property, which covers approximately 6,575 hectares and is located within the Central Nicaragua Gold Belt between the El Limon and La Libertad Mines of B2 Gold. The Piedra Iman project is located approximately 100 kilometers northwest of Managua, Nicaragua via the Pan American Highway and over 30 kilometers north of B2 Gold's El Limon Mine and its area lies within the 26,180 hectare Aguascalientes Concession in Northern Nicaragua. 	Caza Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 15, 2007
CCD	Cascadero Copper Corporation is a Canada-based resources company. The Company, through its interest in SESA Holdings LLC, is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties in northwestern Argentina. The operating company, Salta Exploraciones S.A. (SALTA), is a mineral exploration business based in Salta City, Province of Salta in the Republic of Argentina. SALTA is the registrant of the Company's property portfolio. It has a 100% interest in certain Ontario mineral prospects in the Timmins, Swayze and Porcupine areas. The Company's properties in Argentina include Valle Grande, Guadalquivir and Taron. The Company's Argentine operations continue on a care and maintenance basis. The Company holds an approximate 49% interest in a property in North Central British Columbia in a joint venture with Gold Fields Limited. 	Cascadero Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 30, 2003
ECR	nul	Cartier Resources Inc			--	
CBJ	CB Gold Inc. (CB Gold) is a Canada-based mining company focused on the exploration and development of precious metals deposits in Colombia. The Company's properties include Vetas Gold Project and La Vereda Property. The Vetas Gold Project, a 100% owned project of the Company, is located approximately 325 kilometers north-northeast of Bogota. The Vetas Gold Project is a combination of small producing mines and exploration properties over adjacent areas. The Vetas Gold Project covers an area of around 352 hectares. The Company owns 100% interest in the La Vereda property, an exploration property located five kilometers to the southwest of the Vetas Gold Project. 	Cb Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	13	October 28, 2010
CFL	CERF Incorporated (CERF) is a Canada-based company engaged in equipment rental, equipment sales and service, and waste management services. The Company operates in three segments: industrial rental, service and sales; oilfield rental, service and sales, and waste management. The Industrial rental segment includes the operations of 4-way Equipment rental Corp. (4-way). The oilfield rental segment includes the operations of TRAC Energy Services Ltd and Winalta Inc. The waste management segment includes the operations of MCL Waste Systems & Environmental Inc. (MCL) TRAC Energy Services Ltd. is in the business of providing oilfield rental equipment and accommodations to the drilling segment of the oilfield industry in central and northern Alberta. MCL's is specialized in the recovery of waste resources by directing, diverting and managing material. 4-Way provides equipment solutions for construction and industrial projects. 	CERF Inc	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	August 10, 2011
CZO	Ceapro Inc. is a Canada-based growth-stage biotechnology company. The Company's primary business activities relate to the marketing and development of health and wellness products and technology relating to plant extracts. It develops and commercializes natural products for personal care, cosmetic, human and animal health industries. The Company's products include a commercial line of natural active ingredients, including beta glucan, avenanthramides (colloidal oat extract), oat powder, oat oil, oat peptides and lupin peptides, and Veterinary therapeutic products, including an oat shampoo, an ear cleanser and a dermal complex/conditioner, which are manufactured and marketed to veterinarians in Japan and Asia. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include Ceapro Technology Inc., Ceapro Veterinary Products Inc., Ceapro Active Ingredients Inc., Ceapro BioEnergy Inc., Ceapro (P.E.I.) Inc. and Ceapro USA Inc. 	Ceapro Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	12	August 28, 2002
CEB	Ceiba Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in providing specialized services to the energy sector, specifically to companies involved in the exploration, extraction and production of oil and natural gas in Western Canada. The Company develops and constructs facilities to provide treatment of crude oil emulsion, terminalling, storage and marketing of oil and disposal of waste fluids and production water. It provides services at around six locations within Western Canada. The Silver Valley facility offers terminalling, custom treating of emulsion and production water disposal. The Chamberlain facility offers terminalling, custom treating of emulsion, waste fluid disposal and production water disposal. Three production water disposal sites are located in central Alberta. Kinsella is a blending and terminalling facility. The Company provides produced water and waste fluid disposal services through a network of Class II and Class IB disposal wells. 	Ceiba Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	26	March 5, 2010
CVX	Cematrix Corporation (Cematrix) is a Canada-based provider of cellular concrete. The Company's cellular concrete product offers thermal protection and support for hot oil tanks; thermal protection for shallow buried utility lines; bedding and support of buried pipelines; thermal protection of frost-heave susceptible soils under roadways; alternative roadbed support over weak soils; void fill under floor slabs, or roadways; thermal protection of perma-frost; abandoned pipe grouting; grouting of annular space between the casing and pipe, and lightweight back fill for retaining walls and bridge abutments. It provides cellular concrete product for applications in oil sands, oil and gas facilities, and infrastructure projects. Its mobile production units produce 20 to 150 cubic meters per hour of cellular concrete. The Company focuses in the construction market for infrastructure, and the oil and gas sector. 	CEMATRIX Corp	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	March 22, 2005
CTZ	Cencotech Inc. acquires and manages emerging high technology enterprises with sound business solutions for their customers. The Company's subsidiary, NamSys Inc. (NamSys) provides software solutions for currency management and processing for the banking and merchant industries principally in North America. The Company's products include Currency Controller, a cash management and logistics software, and Cashroom Controller and Device Dashboard, hosted software solutions. Currency Controller is a cash vault system for handling various aspects of logistics and management in modern cash processing centers. It offers hosted applications through the Website, www.namsys.net. Cashroom Controller is a Web-based system to manage and centrally control day-to-day operations of retail cash offices. Device Dashboard captures transactions and manages the status, inventory levels or production rates of virtually any device, equipment or machine. 	Cencotech Inc	Technology	Software	--	October 31, 1999
CT	Centenera Mining Corp, known as Artha Resources Corporation, is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in various provinces in Argentina. Its subsidiaries include Takbel S.A., Minera Argentina del Norte S.A. and Minera Crosby S.A. 	Centenera Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 9, 2006
CIO	Central Iron Ore, Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the search for and development of iron ore and gold. Its projects include Yilgarn Iron Ore Project, South Darlot Gold Project and Eureka Gold Project. 	Central Iron Ore Ltd	Energy	Coal	--	February 21, 1996
CTN	Centurion Minerals Ltd is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of gold and other metal projects in Southeast Asia. Centurion has a financial partnership agreement with PT Bayu Kamona Karya, the Indonesian company granted the exploration permit (IUP) on the property hosting the Miwah gold deposit in Aceh Province, Northern Sumatra. The Company holds an 80% joint venture interest in the Banda Raya Property. Banda Raya Property project is located in Pidie Regency, Aceh province and consists of an approximately 10,000 hectare concession, which has been granted an IUP (business exploration license). The Company is conducting a reconnaissance (Phase I) exploration program on its Slate Belt concession located in central Myanmar. 	Centurion Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 11, 2005
CRX	nul	Cerro Mining Corp			--	
CHC	CHC Student Housing Corp., formerly CHC Realty Capital Corp., is a Canada-based owner and operator of student housing properties. The Company's business model is focused on acquiring properties in close proximity to universities and colleges in primary and well understood secondary markets, with a focus on contemporary, purpose-built student housing properties. The Company is pursuing the expansion of its student housing business, by strategically acquiring additional student housing properties in Canada. The Company owns four properties with 813 beds and 13,750 square feet of ancillary ground floor retail space. 	CHC Student Housing Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 12, 2013
OYL	CGX Energy, Inc. (CGX) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring for hydrocarbons in Guyana, South America. CGX holds an interest in three Petroleum Agreements (known as the Corentyne, Berbice and Demerara Blocks) covering approximately 3.3 million gross acres (approximately 3 million net acres) offshore and onshore Guyana. The Company has a new Corentyne PA and PPL covering 6,212 square kilometers. Under the terms of the new Corentyne PA, during the initial period of four years CGX has an obligation to drill two wells. The Company also has the Demerara PA and PPL covering 3,975 square kilometers, which was a subset of the Company's original Corentyne PA. The Government of Guyana issued a new Berbice PA and PPL to ON Energy, comprising the former Berbice PA and the onshore portion of the former Corentyne PPL, covering 3,295 square kilometers. The Company conducts its exploration activities in Guyana through its subsidiaries. 	CGX Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 21, 1994
CBA	Champion Bear Resources Ltd. is a mineral exploration company focused on the prospective regions of the province of Ontario. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing interests in mining projects. It targets at exploration of platinum group and precious metals, and poly metallic base metal and pegmatite-hosted tantalum deposits. The Company's projects include Plomp Farm, Eagle Rock and Parkin Joint Venture. Plomp Farm Gold Property is located 25 kilometers west of Dryden, Ontario and consists of two main claim blocks. Eagle Rock Property is an advanced-stage exploration project located 65 kilometers south of Dryden, Ontario and consists of 58 staked claims held 100% by the Company. The Parkin Project is located five kilometers northeast of the Sudbury Basin and covers a portion of the Parkin Offset Dike. Eagle Rock Property overlies the Entwine Intrusion Complex which hosts the Campbell Zone copper-gold-platinum-palladium (Cu-Au-Pt-Pd) occurrence. 	Champion Bear Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 23, 1987
CFY	Changfeng Energy Inc. is a natural gas distribution company in the People's Republic of China. The Company has three projects in operation, two of them are city piped natural gas distribution projects, and one compressed natural gas (CNG) vehicle refueling station. The Company operates through two segments: Natural Gas Distribution Utility and CNG Refueling Retail Station. The Natural Gas Distribution segment consists of two components: Gas Sales and Pipeline Installation and Connection. Changfeng operates a CNG refueling retail station in Changsha City. The Company, with its strategic partners, is engaged in developing a Liquefied Natural Gas storage facility and a natural gas distribution pipeline network in Xiangtan City. 	Changfeng Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	--	January 29, 2008
CKG	Chesapeake Gold Corp. is a development-stage company. The Company focuses on the discovery, acquisition and development of gold-silver deposits in North and Central America. Its primary asset is the Metates gold-silver project (Metates). The Metates project is an undeveloped gold and silver deposit located in Durango State, Mexico, which consists of 14 mineral concessions totaling 14,727 hectares. It also has a portfolio of other exploration properties, including the Talapoosa gold project, a gold and silver property located in Lyon County, Nevada; La Cecilia property, a property located in Sonora State, Mexico; Tatatila project, a metal and polymetallic mining district in Veracruz State, Mexico; Rio Minas, a polymetalicskarn prospect located in Oaxaca State, Mexico; La Gitana, a sulphidation epithermal system hosting precious metals located in Oaxaca State, Mexico, and El Escorpion property, a 900 hectare concession in eastern Guatemala. It also has regional properties in Mexico. 	Chesapeake Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
CEA	Cerus Energy Group Ltd, formerly Petrostar Petroleum Corp, is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The principal business of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties. The Company is also pursuing opportunities in modular gas to liquids (GTL) to produce methanol from natural gas, as well as construction and operation of a waste water disposal facility. The Company's oil and gas properties consist of 2,600 net mineral acres and approximately 20 potential re-entry wells. The Company's Joarcam, AB consists of 160 net acres, three well re-activations with optimization, infill potential and an additional water disposal development location. The Company's Beaverhill Lake, AB consists of 640 net acres with one drilling location and one potential reentry well. The Company's Forestburg, AB consists of 1,280 net acres with one suspended well and one potential reentry well. 	Cerus Energy Group Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 5, 1996
CBG	Chibougamau Independent Mines Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's properties included in the Chibougamau Mining Camp are Baie Malouf, Bateman Bay, Berrigan Mine, Berrigan South, Buckell Lake, Copper Cliff Extension, Grandroy, Kokko Creek, Lac Antoinette, Lac Chibougamau, Lac Elaine, Lac Simon, Mont Sorcier and Quebec Chibougamau GoldFields. Its Berrigan Mine consists of approximately 25 claims totaling over 380 hectares located approximately four kilometers northwest of the city of Chibougamau. The Company's Berrigan South property consists of approximately 30 claims covering over 1,130 hectares located contiguous and south of the Berrigan claims. Its Kokko Creek property consists of approximately eight claims totaling over 170 hectares. Its Lac Chibougamau properties consist of approximately 130 claims of the Chibougamau claims portfolio and cover over 3,300 hectares extending over portions of Lemoine, McKenzie, Obalski and Roy Townships (NTS 32G/16). 	Chibougamau Independent Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 13, 2010
CFB	Chieftain Metals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the acquisition of the Tulsequah Project, which consists of 59 mineral claims and Crown grants covering approximately 32,403 hectares in northwestern British Columbia, Canada. The Tulsequah Project is located about 100 kilometers south of the town of Atlin, British Columbia and 65 kilometers northeast of Juneau, Alaska. The Tulsequah Project covers two producing mines, the Tulsequah Chief deposit and the Big Bull Deposit. 	Chieftain Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 10, 2013
CMX	Chilean Metals Inc., formerly International PBX Ventures Ltd., is a resource exploration company. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, engaged in exploring for gold, silver, copper and iron on its various properties located in Chile. The Company holds title to 108 mineral claims totaling 19,722 hectares. These claims consist of five properties held by the Company: Tierra de Oro, Palo Negro, Hornitos, Tabaco and Zulema. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Tierra de Oro's exploitation and exploration concessions in Region III, Chile; 100% interest in the Zulema's exploitation concessions; Palo Negro's mining concessions in Chile; Hornitos' eleven claims south of Copiapo, Chile, and Tabaco's mining concessions in Chile. The Company's subsidiaries include Minera IPBX Limitada, Minera Tierra de Oro Limitada, Minera Palo Negro Limitada and Minera Sierra Pintada Limitada. 	Chilean Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 19, 1987
CAT	Chimata Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal activity is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. 	Chimata Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 16, 2010
CKR	CKR Carbon Corp, formerly Caribou King Resources Ltd, is a Canada-based junior exploration company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets located in Canada. The Company's mineral interest portfolio consists of graphite properties located in Ontario and Quebec. Its exploration and evaluation properties include Montpellier graphite property; Tac, Lac Vert and Buckingham properties, and Aukam Graphite Mine property. The Montpellier graphite property is located approximately 67 kilometers north-northeast of Ottawa, Ontario. The Tac and Lac Vert properties are located approximately three kilometers apart in the Mousseau Township, Quebec. The Buckingham Graphite property covers approximately 480 hectares and is located to the northwest of Buckingham, Quebec, Canada. The Aukam Graphite Mine project is located in the Aukam farm 104, Bethanien district in southern Namibia. 	CKR Carbon Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 22, 2011
ZKL	China Keli Electric Company Ltd. specializes in the manufacturing and installation of electrical components and equipment, including pre-assembled mini substations, electrical controllers, pressurized and vacuumed switchgears, and circuit breakers. The Company's product line includes load switch series, circuit breaker series, low voltage distribution cabinet series, outdoor smart column switch series, power distribution protection series, intelligent control series, high voltage cable distribution box and intelligent switchgear. The Company also provides one stop business services, including cluster service installation, which offers standard and nonstandard electric power equipment and components that are designed and installed according to customer requirements, and quality service system and after sale services. The Company's subsidiaries include Creative Grace Limited (Creative Grace), Zhuhai Keli Electric Co., Ltd. (Zhuhai Keli), and Qunhui Electric Co., Ltd. (Qunhui). 	China Keli Electric Co Ltd	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	July 26, 2005
XCX	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
CID	nul	Cicada Ventures Ltd			--	
CTO	Circa Enterprises Inc. (Circa), through its divisions (Circa Telecom, Circa Hydel, and Circa Metals), designs, engineers, manufactures, markets, and sells equipment for a range of industries, including telecom, electrical and construction. The Company operates in two segments: the telecom segment, which designs, manufactures, markets and sells surge protection and related telecommunications products (telecom products), through Circa USA and metal fabrication, through Circa Metals. It has developed a range of surge protection and related products. Circa's products include building entrance terminals (indoor), surge protection modules, station protectors, station protection enclosures and original equipment manufactured products. Circa Metals also designs and manufactures fabricated enclosures, pole line hardware and other products, which are marketed and sold to the Canadian electrical industry as part of the Hydel product line. Circa operates under the Circa Telecom name. 	Circa Enterprises Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	134	May 31, 1985
CPS	nul	Claim Post Resources Inc			--	
CSX	Clean Seed Capital Group Ltd. is a developer of a precision no-till seeding system. The Companys no-till seeding system comprises several individually patented technologies, including in-ground openers, proprietary seed and fertilizer metering, and electronic control systems. The Companys CX6 SMART Seeder is a seeding technology that creates a new niche within the large-scale farm markets. 	Clean Seed Capital Group Ltd	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	January 28, 2010
CMV	China Minerals Mining Corporation (China Minerals) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company, which is engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company, through its subsidiary Cassiar Gold Corp., owns 100% of the Cassiar mineral assets. The Cassiar project, located in northern British Columbia, Canada, comprises approximately 58,900 hectares of mineral rights. The Cassiar project's two areas of exploration and development activities are the Table Mountain and the Taurus properties. The Taurus property contains the Taurus gold deposit, a gold system, located approximately 8 kilometers from the Table Mountain milling facility. Table Mountain is a past-producing underground gold mine. The property has a gold mill and tailings management facility, which are available for future ore processing. 	China Minerals Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 18, 2006
CHN	China Education Resources Inc. is a provider of kindergarten to grade 12 (K-12) education resources and services through its national Internet portal, China Education Resources and Services Platform (CERSP), www.cersp.com, to China's kindergarten to grade 12 education market. The Company distributes educational textbooks and materials developed by it to bookstores and schools in China. The Company's Education Services Portal (ESP) is an extension of CERSP and helps to organize the wealth of teaching, learning and administrative resources available through CERSP at the individual school level. ESP's primary function is to support the administrative, teaching, learning, testing and assessment needs of an individual school. ESP provides school platform, online tutoring program and digital education products. 	China Education Resources Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	August 27, 1997
CPA	Chinapintza Mining Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business is to acquire, explore and develop the gold and mineral mining rights in the Chinapintza Property located in Ecuador. The Chinapintza Gold Project covering an area of 209.9 square kilometers is located in the Upper Amazon Region of south-western Ecuador on the western flanks of the Cordillera del Chinapintza whose crest defines the Ecuador-Peru border. The Company has a 70% interest in the Ecuador company, JVChinapintza Mining S.A., which holds a 100% interest in the Ecuador gold mineral property located in the Viche Conguime I Concession of the Condor Gold Project in the Zamora Province of the Loja region of southern Ecuador. The Chinapintza Concession is located in the Zamora-Chinchipe Province, Ecuador, within a portion of a regional Mesozoic (Jurassic-Cretaceous) fold and thrust belt and contains numerous precious metal occurrences. 	Chinapintza Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 14, 2013
CST	CO2 Solution Inc. (CO2 Solutions) is a Canada-based company involved in the capture and management of carbon dioxide (CO2). The Company is focused on commercializing an enzyme-based enabling technology for CO2 capture from fossil fuel-power plants and other emitters of CO2. Its applications include carbon capture and utilization, such as enhanced oil recovery, pulp and paper, water treatment, greenhouses and beverage carbonation, and carbon capture and sequestration (CCS). As of March 31, 2015, the Company had 47 patents issued and 39 patents pending covering not only the use of carbonic anhydrase with various capture solvents, but also the use of the enzyme in different reactor configurations and in key industrial sectors, such as power generation and cement. 	CO2 Solutions Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	March 18, 2004
YES.P	Cleantech Capital Inc. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is focused on the identification and evaluation of businesses or assets to acquire. The Company has not commenced commercial operations and has no assets other than cash and prepaid expenses. The Company will not carry on any business other than the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. 	Cleantech Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 3, 2013
CY	Clear Mountain Resources Corp. is a Canada-based mining exploration and development company. The Company operates Owl Creek Project, which consists of 12 tenures totaling approximately 4121 hectares located within the Lillooet Mining Division, approximately 8.5 km northeast of Pemberton in the British Columbia. Its mineralization has four named zones of copper mineralization A, B, C, and D. A zone is a Copper Queen adit, which is a 0.33% copper from sampling of a 66-metre length. B zone has gossanous diorite and andesite minerals. The C zone has total 2473 meters (8113 feet) in ten holes, which has approximately 0.4% copper and 0.029% molybdenum. D zone has 19 percussion holes of an average depth of 91.5 meters (300 feet), which has grades of copper. 	Clear Mountain Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 11, 2010
CLI	Clearford Water Systems Inc, formerly Clearford Industries Inc., is a Canada-based provider of unified water management and sanitation systems. The Companys proprietary technology Clearford One sanitation system is the basis of the full Clearford Water Systems offering. Clearford One enables installation and integration of all other water systems including stormwater management, fire suppression, and water distribution and redistribution. This technology makes it possible to provide a set of services including system design, installation, financing and operation. 	Clearford Water Systems Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	29	January 26, 2006
CXG.A	CLEMEX TECHNOLOGIES INC. (Clemex) develops, manufactures and markets image analysis systems and software used by microscopy quality control and research laboratories. The Companys customer base includes manufacturing firms in numerous industries, particularly in the life sciences, automotive, aerospace, raw materials, pharmaceuticals and mining sectors. The Company markets its products in two ways: through direct sales in North America and through a network of distributors abroad. Its products include specific image analysis, multipurpose image analysis and hardware equipment. Its applications are offered based on industry, analysis type and standard. The Companys subsidiaries include Clemex Corp and Clemex Europe, which is located in Martillac (France). 	CLEMEX TECHNOLOGIES INC.	Technology	Office Equipment	--	October 22, 1990
CEP.P	Cliffside Capital Ltd. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company has no assets other than cash, and proposes to identify and evaluate potential properties, assets or businesses, and once identified and evaluated, to negotiate an acquisition or participation therein subject to regulatory approval and, if required, shareholders' approval. 	Cliffside Capital Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 22, 2013
CFO	Clifton Star Resources Inc. (Clifton) is a mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in Canada. Cliftons focuses on gold exploration in Quebec, but it also has precious and base metal projects in Quebec and Manitoba. The Company has two drills operating on the Duparquet Project. The Company's exploration properties include Beattie, Donchester and Dumico properties, Central Duparquet, Duquesne property, Hunter Property and Cat Lake Property. The Duparquet Project covers 7.7 kilometers of strike length along the prolific gold bearing Porcupine-Destor Fault. The Central Duparquet property consists of 18 mineral claims totaling 293 hectares located in the Duparquet Township, Quebec. Duquesne property owns 55 mineral claims and one mining concession located in Destor Township, Quebec. 	Clifton Star Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 29, 2010
CLN.P	Cluny Capital Corp. is a capital pool Company. The principal business of the Company will be the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. As of September 25, 2012, the Company had not yet identified a company or assets for a Qualifying Transaction. As of September 25, 2012, the Company had not commenced commercial operations. 	Cluny Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 11, 2011
CBV	Cobra Venture Corporation is a Canada-based energy company focused on the acquisition, development and production of strategic petroleum and natural gas interests in Western Canada. The Companys petroleum and natural gas interests include the Gull Lake, Saskatchewan, Willesden Green area, Alberta, and Davey Lake area, Alberta. The Companys exploration and evaluation assets include Hayter area, Alberta. 	Cobra Venture Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 18, 1998
CMB	CMC Metals Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The Companys properties include Bishop Mill, Logjam Property, Silver Hart Property, Black Horse Mine/Chesco Claims and Radcliff Property. The Company has not advanced its properties to commercial production. The Companys subsidiaries include CMC Metals Corp. and 0877887 B.C. Ltd. 	CMC Metals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 4, 2005
COB.U	CohBar, Inc. (Cohbar) is a Canada-based research stage biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in applying its scientific operations in the biology of Mitochondrial-Derived Peptides (MDPs). Its peptide products include MOTS-c, which is an MDP used in the regulation of metabolism and also used for Type II Diabetes mellitus, and other diseases, such as obesity, fatty liver and certain cancers; SHLP-6 (small humanin-like peptides) is used for the treatment of cancer and its cancer treatment models are conducted both in cell culture and in mice; Humanin, which is an MDP used in various disease models, including Alzheimers disease, atherosclerosis, myocardial and cerebral ischemia and Type II Diabetes, and SHLP-2 and humanin analogs have protective effects against neuronal toxicity. SHLP-2 and the humanin analogs are transported through the blood-brain barrier. Cohbar considers SHLP-2, humanin and humanin analogs for the development of MDP-based treatments for Alzheimers disease. 	CohBar Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	4	October 19, 2007
CAD	Colonial Coal International Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of coal properties located in Canada. The Huguenot Coal Project covers a total area of 7,592 hectares and consists of one contiguous block of 13 coal licenses and two coal license applications. The Huguenot Coal property is located approximately 140 kilometers from the Quintette load-out. The Company holds 100% interest in the Flatbed project located between approximately 8 and 10 kilometres from the &#160;Quintette and PRC loadouts. The Flatbed project covers an area of 9,077 hectares and has three remaining coal license applications covering 2,400 hectares. The Flatbed project also includes three identified targets. The Company owns 100% of Watson Island Development Corporation, a company formed to purchase or acquire Watson Island, located near Prince Rupert, British Columbia. 	Colonial Coal International Corp	Energy	Coal	--	August 1, 2007
CXO	Colorado Resources Ltd. is an exploration-stage company. The Company's business activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. It seeks opportunities to acquire exploration or development projects. Its assets include the North ROK, Hit and Heart Peaks Properties and an option to acquire up to an 80% interest in the KSP Property with all properties located in British Columbia. The North ROK property is owned by the Company and consists of approximately 10 mineral tenures covering over 5,100 hectares. The property is located approximately 70 kilometers south of Dease Lake and straddles Highway 37, and approximately 15 kilometers northwest of the new Red Chris mine development project in northern British Columbia. It owns interest in approximately 40 mineral claims covering over 16,800 hectares that form the Kinaskan Property. The KSP Property is located approximately 100 kilometers northwest of Stewart in northern British Columbia. 	Colorado Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	October 9, 2009
GTP	Colt Resources Inc. (Colt Resources) is a Canada-based exploration stage company focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Portugal. It holds around 100% interest in its projects, including Boa Fe gold project and Tabuaco tungsten project. The Boa Fe gold project covers approximately 46.78 square kilometer (sq km) and is located near the towns of Montemor-o-Novo and Evora, in the Alentejo region of southern Portugal. The Tabuaco tungsten project has an area of approximately of 45.128 sq km and is located in north central Portugal. The Companys properties include Montemor-o-Novo gold concession, Cedovim, Santo Antonio, Borba, Cercal and Adorigo. The Montemor-o-Novo exploration concession is located approximately near the towns of Montemor-o-Novo and Evora, in the Alentejo region of southern Portugal. The Cedovim exploration concession is located in northern Portugal, approximately near east of the city of Porto. 	Colt Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 15, 2006
CMU	Comet Industries Ltd. (Comet) is a Canada-based exploration stage company and is in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties in British Columbia. The Company owns unimproved land in Kamloops and Pender Harbour, British Columbia and a rental property in Vancouver, British Columbia on a freehold basis. It holds resource properties related to the Kamloops land and it has explored these resource properties for copper, gold, silver and other mineralization. It also owns a 40% working interest in the Big Onion zone on the Iron Mask Property, which consists of five crown granted mineral claims. 	Comet Industries Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
CMD	Commander Resources Ltd. is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of prospective gold, base metal, and uranium properties primarily in Canada. The Company's properties include Storm Copper Property, Glenmorangie Gold Property, South Voisey's Bay Nickel Property, Omineca Copper-Gold Property, Sabin Copper-Gold Property, Houghton Lake Gold Property, Baffin Island Gold Project, Olympic Copper-Gold Property and Nepisiguit-Stewart Copper Property. The Glenmorangie Gold Property is located approximately 35 kilometers north of the 3Ace property and approximately seven kilometers west of the North American Tungsten Cantung mine. The South Voisey's Bay property is located approximately 80 kilometers due south of the operating Voisey's Bay nickel mine. The Omineca Copper-Gold Property is located in North Central British Columbia. The Baffin Island Gold Project covers approximately 140 kilometers long belt of Proterozoic aged metavolcanic and metasedimentary rock within the Fox Fold Belt. 	Commander Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 23, 1987
CCE	Commerce Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is focused on deposits of rare metals and rare earth elements. The Company is specifically focused on the development of its Upper Fir Tantalum and Niobium Deposit at the Blue River Project in British Columbia, and the Ashram Rare Earth Project in Quebec. The Blue River Tantalum-Niobium Project is surrounded by mineral claims that are wholly-owned by the Company. The project has a number of tantalum-niobium bearing carbonatites, including Switch Creek, Bone Creek, Gum Creek, Paradise, Serpentine and Mill complexes. The Ashram Deposit hosts a rare earth distribution throughout in addition to five of the rare earths (Neodymium, Europium, Terbium, Dysprosium and Yttrium). The project has a zone of Middle and Heavy Rare Earth Oxide (MHREO) enrichment, termed the MHREO Zon and extends from surface with tonnage and grade (6.55 Million tons). 	Commerce Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 19, 1999
CLB	Colombia Crest Gold Corp. (Colombia Crest) is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of gold properties in Colombia. The Company operates the Fredonia Property. The Company holds approximately 50% interest in the Fredonia Project, which is located in the Cauca River Valley, between the Eastern and Western Cordillera of the Andes Mountains, northwestern Colombia, which is situated approximately 40 kilometer south of the city of Medellin in Antioquia. The Fredonia property consists of approximately 15,000 hectares (150 square kilometers) of mineral title. 	Colombia Crest Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	January 20, 1981
CBI	Colibri Resource Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company, through its Subsidiary, Minera Halcones S.A. de C.V, is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and if warranted, development of gold, silver, copper, molybdenum and other metal deposits in Mexico. The Company's mineral property interests are the Colibri Property, the Leon Property, the Ramaje Ardiente (Ramard) Property and the Evelyn III Property. The Colibri Project is located within a district of northern Sonora that includes approximately 14 gold deposits, including La Herradura, Noche Buena and El Chanate. The Evelyn claim is 506 hectares and located in northwest Sonora, Mexico. The Leon Property is 3400 hectares and located in north-central Sonora, Mexico. The Ramaje Ardiente Project (Ramard) consists of a cluster of mineral concessions encompassing approximately 4,000 hectares in the central part of the state of Sonora, Mexico. 	Colibri Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 20, 2004
CMJ	Colombian Mines Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is focused on identification, acquisition and exploration of precious metal and base metal projects in Colombia. The Company's properties include El Dovio Property, which covers more than 10,105 hectares in the Municipio of El Dovio, Department of El Valle; Mercedes Property, which is around 4,995 hectare property, near the town of Natagaima in Tolima Department covers multiple mineralized centers with high grade copper, gold and silver; Anori Property, which is located in the Anori-Porce Mining District north of Medellin in the Department of Antioquia, and Yarumalito Property, which is located along a section of the Andean Porphyry Belt referred to as the Cauca-Romeral Mineral Belt, approximately 10 kilometers north of Marmato Mountain. Its subsidiaries include Colombian Investments (BVI) Corp, Colombia Holdings (BVI) Ltd. and Colombian Resources (BVI) Inc. The Company didn't generate any revenue. 	Colombian Mines Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	16	May 16, 2006
CEC	Compliance Energy Corporation (Compliance) is an exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. Compliances main projects are freehold coal holdings on Vancouver Island, British Columbia and four non-coal exploration properties on Vancouver Island. Compliances properties are approximately 29,000 hectares of freehold coal and mineral interests and 2,046 hectares of Crown Coal licenses in the Comox Coal Basin on Vancouver Island, B.C. Through the Comox Joint Venture (CJV), CEC owns 60% of the Raven Underground Coal project and is the manager & operator of the CJV. The Raven Coal Deposit covers an area of approximately 3,100 hectares and holds 71,998,201 tons of measured and indicated and 59,430,517 tons of inferred coal resource. Compliance Coal Corporation is the subsidiary of the company. 	Compliance Energy Corp	Energy	Coal	--	July 27, 2000
CSL	Comstock Metals Ltd. (Comstock) is a Canada-based gold exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in the White Gold District of the Yukon and in Mexico. Its projects include QV Project, Walhalla Property and Corona Gold-Silver Project. The QV Property in the Yukon Territory, which covers 14,180 hectares (35,000 acres) within the prolific White Gold District in the Yukon Territory, about 70 kilometers south of Dawson City. The Walhalla Property, consists of 1,988 quartz claims covering approximately 41,800 hectares located 120 kilometers southeast of Dawson City, in the White Gold District immediately east of and contiguous with Pacific Ridge's Mariposa Project. The Corona project (1370 hectares) is approximately 270 kilometers southwest of the city of Chihuahua, Mexico. Recently the company has got gold-silver project within the Sierra Madre Occidental mining camp of western Chihuahua, Mexico. 	Comstock Metals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 13, 2007
CQR	Conquest Resources Limited is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Ontario. The Company's exploration portfolio consists of the Alexander Property, which is 100% owned by Conquest and covers approximately 448 hectares of land adjoining the east side of the property containing Goldcorp's Red Lake mine. The Alexander Property is located immediately east of the Red Lake Complex and Balmer Complex headframes within the Red Lake mining district. The Smith Lake property is 100% Conquest owned and is contiguous with the former International Corona Resources Renabie Gold Mine. The Company operates the King Bay Project as a joint venture with KBG Minerals Corp. 	Conquest Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	January 23, 1945
FFP	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
WCC	Consolidated Woodjam Copper Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring its mineral properties, which are located in British Columbia. The Companys Woodjam copper gold porphyry project is located in south-central British Columbia. The Company and Gold Fields amended its option agreement on the Woodjam South property. The Company owns over 49% interest and over 51% by a subsidiary of Gold Fields of Johannesburg South Africa in Woodjam copper gold porphyry project, which covers approximately 56,500 hectares. Woodjam copper gold porphyry project is located approximately 50 kilometers east of the community of Williams Lake. The four gold-copper mineralized zones on the Woodjam North Property are Megabuck, Deerhorn, Takom and Three Firs. Woodjam South contains the Southeast Zone, a porphyry copper-gold-molybdenum discovery. 	Consolidated Woodjam Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 20, 2011
CEM	Constantine Metal Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior exploration company, which is engaged in the exploration and development of exploration properties. The Company's principal project includes a polymetallic (copper-zinc-gold-silver) massive sulphide advanced exploration project in southeast Alaska known as the Palmer Project. It also has gold properties in Ontario and the Yukon. The company's Ontario gold projects include the Golden Mile project in the Timmins gold camp and the Munro-Croesus project, which includes the Croesus gold mine located east of the Timmins gold camp. The Palmer project is a volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) project, which is located in the coastal southeast Alaska, within approximately 60 kilometers of the deep sea port of Haines. The Golden Mile project is located approximately 30 kilometers east of Timmins and nine kilometers northeast of Hoyle Pond Gold Mine. 	Constantine Metal Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 3, 2006
CNS	Contagious Gaming Ord Shs is a Canada-based company engaged in the technological solutions for international regulated gaming and lottery markets. The Company offers a range of software-based gaming solutions aimed at engaging players. 	Contagious Gaming Inc	Technology	Software	--	October 14, 1993
CXV	Convalo Health International, Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in operating in the United States outpatient addiction rehabilitation market. The Company through its center located in Hollywood, California, offers treatment for addictive and co-occurring disorders under the brand name BLVD Centers (www.blvdcenters.com). BLVD also offers additional insurance-reimbursed groups for a variety of communities, including gender specific, creatively-oriented, meditation/mindfulness and lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) affirmative. BLVD's flagship location at Hollywood, California, on Highland and Hollywood Blvd., features outdoor lounging patios with fireplaces and retractable awnings, a cross training gym next door and a spa across the street. 	Convalo Health International Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	June 7, 2013
CFM	Confederation Minerals Ltd. (Confederation) is a Canada-based company, engaged in acquisition and development of mineral deposits within North America. The Companys principal project is Newman Todd project. The Company has entered into an option agreement with Redstar Gold Corp. to acquire up to 70% of the Newman Todd project, located in the prospective Red Lake Mining District of Northern Ontario. The Companys Green River Potash Project is located near Moab in southeast Utah and consists of over 31 potash prospecting permit applications totaling approximately 25,593 hectares (63,242 acres) and leases of over 9 state sections for a total of approximately 2,446 hectares (6,043 acres). The Companys Confederation Lake Property consists of over 19 claims consisting of over 132 units, which is approximately 2,137 hectares (5,280 acres) and is situated with the past-producing South Bay Mine to the northeast. 	Confederation Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 3, 2005
CN	Condor Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquiring and exploring mineral properties located in Peru and Chile. It focuses on gold and copper prospects. Its portfolio of mineral exploration projects include Soledad, which is an Au-Ag-Cu property that is approximately 7.13 square kilometers (sq. km) in length and is located in the Yanacocha - Pierina epithermal metals Tertiary; Condor de Oro, which is located in northern Peru and is approximately 102 sq. km in length; Pucamayo, which is a gold-silver property of length 36 sq. km; Ocros, which is a porphyry copper project in northern Peru; Lucero, which has three concessions; Chavin, which is located within the central Andes metals belt and has a length of eight sq. km; Quriurqu, which is approximately 2.5 sq. km in length, and San Martin, which is approximately 4.45 sq. km in length and is located in the Department of Arequipa. Its projects in Chile include Cristal, Brahma and Becker. 	Condor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 26, 2003
CPV	Copper Creek Gold Corp. (Copper Creek) is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is focused on resource exploration across North America. The Company holds 100% interest in its properties, which include Bandit Property, Santa Lucia property and Badger property. The Bandit Property is located approximately 130 kilometers south southwest of Vanderhoof, British Columbia. The Bandit Property consists of the Bandit, Smokey and Burt Claims and 8,732.38 hectares in size. The Santa Lucia property is located 200 kilometers southeast of Hermosillo, Mexico and is situated in the prolific Sierra Madre gold belt of north western Mexico. The Badger property encompassing 3,000 hectares located in the Omineca Mining Division of British Columbia. 	Copper Creek Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 13, 1997
CPL	Copper Lake Resources Ltd., formerly White Tiger Mining Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Companys properties include Norton Lake Property and Marshall Lake Property. The Norton Lake Property is located north of Thunder Bay, Ontario on the south margin of the Ring of Fire exploration region. The Norton Lake Project consists of two properties: the Norton West Property and the Norton East Property. The Company holds a 57.6% interest in the Norton West Property and a 51% interest in the Norton East Property. The Marshall Lake Property located north-northeast of Thunder Bay, Ontario. The Marshall Lake Property is a copper, gold, silver and zinc exploration property. 	Copper Lake Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 17, 1984
COL	Copper North Mining Corp. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. It has a primary focus of advancing its Carmacks project located in the Yukon Territory, Canada. The Company also holds the Thor property in British Columbia, Canada, and the Redstone property located in the Northwest Territories, Canada. Carmacks is permitted for construction and will produce 30 million pounds of cathode copper per year. The project is being re-engineered as a copper-gold-silver leach operation. The Thor property consists of 15,800 hectares of mineral claims. The Redstone property comprises five mining leases and 18 mineral claims in the Nahanni Mining District southwest of Norman Wells in the Northwest Territories. 	Copper North Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 3, 2011
CUO	Copper One Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the discovery and development of copper and gold deposits in Quebec, Canada. Its portfolio of projects includes copper-gold Troilus Mine, the Riviere Dore project and the Queylus project. The Troilus Mine project is an open pit mining located in Chibougamau, Quebec with gold and copper metals. The Riviere Dore property is located half way between Mont Laurier and the town of Val dOr, Quebec, which comprises of copper-nickel bearing semi-massive sulfides. The Queylus property is located near Chibougamau in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt, which consists of 225 claims in approximately 3,600 hectares with copper and gold minerals. 	Copper One Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 12, 2009
CLH	Coral Gold Resources Ltd. is an exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities are the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's mining claims are located in the states of Nevada and California in the United States. The Company's principal exploration activities are focused on the Robertson mining claims located in Crescent Valley, Nevada. The Company's properties include Robertson Property, Nevada and Gold Ridge Property. Its Robertson property is an advanced-stage exploration project located along the Battle Mountain/Cortez Gold trend in north-central Nevada and adjacent to the Pipeline gold mine. The Gold Ridge Property consists of around 108 claims covering approximately 2.5 square miles and is adjacent to the western side of the Robertson claim block located in North Central Nevada on the Cortez Gold Trend. Coral Resources, Inc. is the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	Coral Gold Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1	January 22, 1981
CDB	Cordoba Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development company with exploration projects in Colombia. The principal business of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal properties. The Company's wholly owned San Matias project is located in the Municipality of Puerto Libertador, in the Department of Cordoba, Colombia, and consists of various mining concessions and concession applications covering approximately 20,000 hectares underlain by volcano-sedimentary rocks that are intruded by multiple dioritic intrusives with potential to host porphyry copper-gold deposits. Exploration programs conducted on the San Matias project included airborne magnetic and radiometric surveys, a ground based magnetic survey, regional prospecting, stream sediment and soil sampling, local geological mapping, trenching and rock sampling. 	Cordoba Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 20, 2009
CUU	Copper Fox Metals Inc. is a Canada-based resource development company. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of copper projects in North America. The Companys primary asset is its 25% interest in a joint venture with Teck Resources Limited (Teck) on the Schaft Creek copper/gold/molybdenum/silver project located in northwestern British Columbia. The Company operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Desert Fox. The Companys Van Dyke project is located in the Globe-Miami District in the Arizona porphyry copper belt. The Sombrero Butte property consists of 3,342 acres located in the Bunker Hill Mining District of Arizona, 44 miles northeast of Tucson, Arizona. 	Copper Fox Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 27, 2004
CGW	nul	Corazon Gold Corp			--	
CKK	Cordy Oilfield Services Inc. is a Canada-based oilfield and construction services company. The Company and its subsidiaries are primarily involved in energy services and construction across western Canada. The Company operates through two segments, including heavy construction and environmental services. The heavy construction segment provides construction services relating to oilfield lease and infrastructure projects in Alberta and British Columbia. The heavy construction segment offers services, including pipeline and facility maintenance, pipeline insulation and reclamation, compressor and camp building, pump jack maintenance, environmental spill cleanup, gravel supply and delivery, bridge and culvert installation and camp services, among others. The environmental services segment provides environmental hydro-excavation, drilling of rigs, fluid hauling, fluid transportation, high pressure water services, sealed end dumps and remediation services, among others in Alberta. 	Cordy Oilfield Services Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	406	April 30, 1998
CGE	Corex Gold Corporation is an exploration-stage company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious metal properties located in Mexico. The Company's primary focus is the exploration and development of its Santana Project, which is a discovery in Sonora Mexico. In addition, the Company holds a 100% interest in the Zuloaga property in Zacatecas, Mexico. 	Corex Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
CGP	Cornerstone Capital Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in mineral exploration and development. The Company's principal properties, located in Ecuador and Chile, have exploration potential for deposits of copper, gold and silver. Cornerstone Resources Inc., Cornerstone Ecuador S.A., La Plata Minerales S.A., and Minera Cornerstone Chile Limitada are wholly owned subsidiaries involved in mineral exploration and development. The Company also owns 15% of Exploraciones Novomining S.A. (ENSA), is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Ecuador and Chile. The Company's business model is based on generating exploration projects whose subsequent development is funded primarily through joint venture partnerships. 	Cornerstone Capital Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 21, 1999
CGP.WT.S	nul	Cornerstone Capital Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
CRD	nul	Coronado Resources Ltd			--	
CRF	nul	Coronet Metals Inc			--	
CSO	Corsa Coal Corp. is a Canada-based supplier of metallurgical coal. The Company also offers a high heat content coal to various utilities and industrial users in the Southeast region of the United States. The Company operates through three segments: Northern Appalachia Division (NAPP), Central Appalachia Division (CAPP) and Corporate. NAPP produces and sells low volatile metallurgical coal used for the production of coke from its mines in the Northern Appalachia coal region of the United States. CAPP produces and sells high British thermal unit (BTU), low and mid sulfur thermal coal used in power, industrial and specialty applications from its mines in the Southern Appalachia coal region of the United States. NAPP operates the Casselman Mine, the Quecreek Mine, the Ash Mine and the Rhoads Mine. CAPP operates the Double Mountain Deep Mine, the Clear Fork Mine and the Straight Creek Mine. The Company also operates around three preparation plants. 	Corsa Coal Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	--	June 27, 2011
CBX	Cortex Business Solutions Inc is a Canada-based company. The Company provides eProcurement solutions that improves efficiencies, reduces costs and streamlines procurement and supply chain processes for its customers. The Cortex Trading Partner Network enhances the exchange of business critical documents, such as purchase orders, receipts and invoices, resulting in improved cash flow management and business controls while reducing days outstanding and administrative costs. The Companys Procure-to-Pay (P2P) solutions focus on the needs of the buying organization. It provides an electronic connection between the buyer and its suppliers through e-Invoice Basic, e-Invoice Pro, e-Invoice Enterprise and P2P Integration. The Companys e-Invoice Express is a digital invoice-delivery mechanism. 	Cortex Business Solutions Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	5	October 1, 1999
COU	Cougar Minerals Corporation is an exploration-stage company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of natural resource properties. Its mineral activities include Geel Property and Silver Bar Property in Montana, Senator Stewart Property in Idaho, the United States, and San Antonio and Tres Amantes in Chile. The Geel gold and silver mine property covers a portion of the Geel trend, a quartz vein system, that is traced for four miles, which hosts a gold and silver mine. The Silver Bar Lode mine is in a shear in the Cherry Creek Series of Algonkian age, which produces silver and lead ore. The San Antonio project includes mining concessions namely San Antonio 1-10 with an area of around 50 hectares and Susy Uno 1-37 with an area of around 200 hectares. The Tres Amantes project includes the mining concessions namely Tres Amantes 1-6 with an area of around 30 hectares and Tres Amantes 7-20 with an area of around 70 hectares. 	Cougar Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 21, 2004
CZH	Crazy Horse Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The company is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Taysan copper-gold porphyry project, in Batangas province, south of Manila, Philippines, consisting of two exploration permits and three exploration permit applications covering a total area of 11,309 hectares, hosting an advanced copper-gold porphyry deposit. Asian Arc Mining Resources Corp., Crazy Horse Resources (BVI) Holdings Inc., Crazy Horse Resources (BVI) Holdings Inc., Taysan Port Corp. and Lupang Barako Development Inc. are the subsidiaries of Crazy Horse Resources Inc. 	Crazy Horse Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 8, 2007
CRV	nul	Cresval Capital Corp			--	
CCC	Cornerstone Metals Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of evaluating, acquiring, exploring and developing natural resource properties. Its operating properties include Lone Mountain, New Mexico, and West Jerome, Arizona. Its Lone Mountain is located in the United States. Lone Mountain property is situated in 11 kilometers southwest of the Santa Rita-Chino mine. Lone Mountain property consists of two New Mexico State mineral leases and 40 unpatented federal mining claims, comprising approximately 620 hectares (1,530 acres) and covers a tonnage porphyry copper system. The West Jerome property, near Jerome, Arizona, consists of approximately five square kilometers of claims. The West Jerome property is a sulfide target located approximately 2.4 kilometers south of United Verde. 	Cornerstone Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	June 23, 2006
COV	Covalon Technologies Ltd. is a researcher, developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical products intended for wound care and infection management. Its products include ColActive and ColActive Plus, which are collagen matrix dressings; IV Clear and SurgiClear, which is a line of antimicrobial clear silicone adhesive dressings with chlorhexidine and silver, and SilverCoat, which is a line of antimicrobial silicone foley catheters. The Companys products are marketed to various health care providers, such as hospitals, wound care centers, burn centers and acute care facilities. Its technologies are used to prevent, detect and manage medical conditions, such as wound care, tissue repair, infection control, disease management, medical device coatings and biocompatibility. It sells under Covalons name. The Company has three platform technologies for medical devices: Collagen matrix, Antimicrobial silicone adhesive and Medical coating technology. 	Covalon Technologies Ltd	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	April 28, 2004
COT	Critical Outcome Technologies Inc. (COTI) is a Canada-based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company uses machine learning to develop targeted therapies. The Company's business is disease-specific drug discovery, optimization and pre-clinical development using a developed series of computer models. Its artificial intelligence platform, CHEMSAS, utilizes a series of predictive computer models to identify compounds that are projected to have a high probability of being developed from disease specific drug discovery through chemical optimization and preclinical testing. The CHEMSAS platform technology is focused on small molecules, and as a drug candidate discovery engine can be applied to any disease. The Company is engaged in developing molecules through the preclinical testing stage as commercial validation of the CHEMSAS platform. COTI-2 is the Company's small molecule activator of misfolded mutant p53 protein. 	Critical Outcome Technologies Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	10	
CWM	Crown Mining Corp., formerly Crown Gold Corporation, is an exploration-stage company. The Company has interests in exploration properties in Ontario, Canada, and, through wholly owned subsidiaries, has interests in exploration properties in Nevada and California, the United States. Substantially all of the Company's efforts are focused on financing, exploring and evaluating these properties. It holds a 100% interest in 132 unpatented mining claims and a lease on 36 patented claims in Plumas County, California. The Company's 100%-controlled Superior Project located in northeast California consists of the Superior and Engles deposits. The Company holds a 100% interest in 10 unpatented lode claims in Esmeralda County, Nevada and a 100% interest in 14 patented mining claims in Whiteside Township in Ontario. 	Crown Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 30, 2010
CWV	Crown Point Energy Inc.(Crown Point) is Canada-based oil and gas exploration and development company, engaged in developing its level of reserves, production and opportunities present on its seven concessions. The Companys assets include the El Valle Exploitation Concession and the Canadon Ramirez Exploitation Concession, which are located in the Golfo San Jorge basin; the Cerro de Los Leones Exploration Concession and the Laguna de Piedra Exploration Concession, which are located in the Neuquen basin; and the Las Violetas, Angostura Sur and Rio Cullen Exploitation Concessions in the Austral Basin, Tierra del Fuego. As of August 31,2012, The Company has 25.78% working interest in the Tierra del Fuego area, 100% interest in the Cerro de Los Leones exploration and 50% working interest in the El Valle Concession. On May 28, 2012, the Company acquired Antrim Argentina S.A. (Antrim Argentina). 	Crown Point Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	July 27, 2012
CNH	Lingxian Capital Inc. intends to become a capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has not commenced commercial operations. 	Crownia Holdings Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 16, 2012
CEI	Crystal Exploration Inc, formerly Trigold Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The principal business of the Company is the identification, evaluation and acquisition of mineral properties, as well as exploration of mineral properties once acquired. The Company is focused on the discovery, financing and development of precious and base metal assets in the Australasia region. 	Crystal Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 9, 2010
CKT	Cricket Media Group Ltd. (Cricket Media) is a United States-based education media company. The Company provides content on a learning network for children, families and teachers across the world. Its media brands for toddlers to teens include Babybug, Ladybug, Cricket and Cobblestone. The Company's products include magazines under categories, such as Ask, Cicada, Babybug, Click, Cricket, Cobblestone, Dig, Faces, Ladybug, Muse and Spider; educational toys; books; teacher guides; content library, and Story Bug application. Its Web-based K12 tools for school and home include the ePals community and virtual classroom for global collaboration, as well as In2Books, a Common Core eMentoring program that builds reading, writing and critical thinking skills. It serves teachers, students and parents in over 200 countries and territories through its platform and NeuPals, its joint venture with China-based information technology services company Neusoft. 	Cricket Media Group Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	July 26, 2011
CPM	EPM Mining Ventures Inc. (EPM) is a United States-based development-stage company focused on specialty fertilizers. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Peak Minerals Inc., controls mineral leases on more than 124,000 acres on its Sevier Lake Playa property in Millard County, Utah. EPM is engaged in the development and production of specialty fertilizers, including Sulphate of Potash (SOP), through the use of a solar evaporation process. SOP and other specialty fertilizers are used in the production of chloride-sensitive crops, such as fruits, vegetables, and tree nuts. EPM is engaged in engineering and analysis designed to support a feasibility study, environmental permitting and ultimately mineral production. Its other products include sodium chloride (also known as table salt or road salt); sulfate of potash magnesia (a specialty fertilizer); magnesium sulfate (used in agriculture and as bath salts), and magnesium chloride (used in medicine and for dust control). 	Crystal Peak Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	May 20, 2011
KUB	CUB Energy Inc. is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas properties in Ukraine. The Company is focused on increasing its acreage portfolio with conventional, unconventional and shale opportunities. Cub Energy has approximately 244,000 gross acres (180,000 net) in two prospective basins in Ukraine. The Company through its subsidiary Private Joint Stock Company Tysagaz owns a 100% working interest in four licenses in Ukraine covering approximately a total of 80,927 acres. The Rusko-Komarivske field is in production while the other three licences are under exploration. The Transcarpathian Basin is located in Western Ukraine near borders with the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Romania. In the West, it has one producing field in the RK Field and three exploration fields totaling 82,000 gross acres. The Dnieper-Donets basin is a source of energy, producing coal, oil and gas. 	Cub Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	465	February 28, 2012
CUI	Currie Rose Resources Inc. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Company owns a beneficial 49% interest in 1,895 acres of gold mining claims in Scadding Township, Northern Ontario. 	Currie Rose Resources Inc			--	
CRE	Critical Elements Corporation is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties. The Company's properties include Rose Lithium-Tantalum property, Amiral property, Arques property, Bourier property, Caumont property, Dumulon property, Duval property, Lemare property, Nisk property, Valiquette Property and British Columbia Rare Earth properties. Its flagship project is Rose Lithium-Tantalum, which lies in the northeastern part of Superior Province, within the Eastmain greenstone belt (NTS 33C/1). It consists of approximately 340 claims covering a total area of approximately 173.93 square kilometers. Its Amiral property is located at approximately 80 kilometers North East of Nemiscau airport. It consists of over one block of approximately 10 claims covering an area of over 420 hectares. Its Arques property includes approximately one block of approximately 130 claims covering an area of over 6,570 hectares. 	Critical Elements Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 11, 2006
CWC	CWC Energy Services Corp., formerly CWC Well Services Corp., is a Canada-based drilling and servicing company operating in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB). The Company offers oilfield services including drilling rigs service rigs coil tubing and well testing. The Company operates in two divisions which include Contract Drilling and Production Services. The Contract Drilling division operates under the trade name CWC Ironhand Drilling and it consists of nine telescopic double drilling rigs. The Production Services division operates under the trade name CWC Well Services and comprises 72 service rigs nine coil tubing units and 10 well testing packages. The Company operates in Nisku Grande Prairie Slave Lake Red Deer Lloydminster Provost and Brooks Alberta and Weyburn Saskatchewan. 	CWC Energy Services Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	625	March 1, 2005
CYM	Cymat Technologies Ltd. (Cymat) is a Canada-based manufacturing company. The Company manufactures and sells stabilized aluminum foam (SAF) products. The Company manufactures SAF for use in architectural, automotive and blast mitigation applications. The Company produces SAF using a process in which gas is bubbled into molten-alloyed aluminum containing a dispersion of fine ceramic particles to create a foam that is then cast into lightweight panels and shapes. Cymat markets architectural material under the brand, Alusion and automotive and blast mitigation products under the SmartMetal brand. The Company produces sheet products with smooth, closed cell finish and open cell finish. The Company also produces three dimensional casting products. 	Cymat Technologies Ltd	Basic Materials	Aluminum	11	June 14, 2006
CUG	Cyprium Mining Corporation, formerly Freyja Resources Inc., is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, operation and development of mining assets in northern Mexico. The Company's Las Cristinas Project is located in the basin and range belt of north Mexico, approximately 150 kilometers northeast of the town of Chihuahua. The Las Cristinas Project includes adjacent exploration concessions, such as Titulos 231010, 234810, 237136 and 237889. Its Aldama Toll Milling Facility has a capacity of approximately 100 metric tons per day. Its activities also consist of the production of mineralized concentrates from the processing of mineralized material purchased from various miners located in northern Mexico. These activities take place in the town of Aldama, Mexico. The Company holds interests in the Ogden exploration property in Ontario, Canada. Its Ogden property consists of approximately four claims, which cover an area of approximately 270 hectares. 	Cyprium Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 1, 2014
CUG.DB	nul	Cyprium Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
CWN	CWN Mining Acquisition Corporation is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or business with a view of completing a Qualifying Transaction (QT). 	CWN Mining Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 10, 2012
CYP	Cypress Development Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is principally engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of its mineral properties. The Company has an 80% interest in certain claims known as the McKenzie Island claims located in the Dome and Fairlie Townships, Red Lake District, Kenora Mining Division of Ontario. The Company has entered into an agreement to acquire 80% of a 100% interest in the Broulan Reef property located in the Red Lake area of Ontario. The Company holds 100% interest in the Twenty-One Silver-Gold Project located in Mineral County, Nevada. It has a 100% interest in certain claims located in White Pine County, Nevada. It operates through its subsidiary Cypress Holdings (Nevada) Ltd. 	Cypress Development Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 23, 1991
DJI	Dajin Resources Corp. is an energy metals company with strategically located brine based lithium exploration projects in both South and North America. The company has staked 138 placer claims totaling 1138 hectares (2,811 acres) in Alkali Lake, Esmeralda County, Nevada, just 12 kilometers from Rockwood Lithium Mine, North Americas only producing brine based lithium mine. The Company has also staked 269 placer claims totaling 2191 hectares (5,414 acres) located on a desert playa known as Teels Marsh in Mineral County, Nevada, United States of America. It also holds a 100% interest in 25 mineral concessions, which total 100,000 hectares (247,105 acres) in northwest Argentina. 	Dajin Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	August 5, 1987
DAL	Dalmac Energy Inc. (Dalmac) is Canada-based based oil and gas servicing company which specializes in fluid hauling, well servicing, rig moving, chemical sales and tank rentals. The Companys serves energy producing companies. The Company has approximately 232 units of rolling stock equipment consisting of tank, combo-vac, pressure, hot oiler, acid flush, steamer, picker and winch trucks plus an additional 250 items of oilfield rank rental and rig matting equipment. It also has pumpers of various sizes, tank trucks, sealed sour units of various sizes, and combination vacuum trucks of various sizes. With operations in Fox Creek, Edson and Warburg Alberta the Company serves west central Alberta region. The Company has master service agreements (MSAs) with North American exploration and production companies. 	Dalmac Energy Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	146	July 23, 2003
DMR	Damara Gold Corp., formerly Solomon Resources Limited, is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploring and developing mineral property interests with a focus in Namibia. The Companys principal asset is its optioned DGP Property located in Namibia. The Company has entered an option agreement with Helio Resource Corp. (Helio) to earn up to a 60% interest in Helios Damara Gold and Tin Project (DGP) in Namibia. DGP Property comprises 2 Exclusive Prospecting Licenses (Otjimbojo and Wilhelmstal), with a total area of 72,200 Hectars, located east of AngloGold Ashanti's Navachab gold mine in the central Namibia. 	Damara Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 1, 1989
DEC	Decade Resources Ltd. (Decade) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in the province of British Columbia, Canada. The Company holds various exploration projects, which include its interest in the Red Cliff property, which consists of eight mineral claims; the Silver Crown property, which includes six claims; the Wedeene property, which consists of 158 mineral claims; the Goat claims, which is located approximately 50 kilometers north of Stewart, and Bow extension mineral claims, which is located in the Skeena Mining District of British Columbia, and claims cover approximately 470 hectares located about 50 kilometers north of Stewart. The Red Cliff property is a copper and gold property, located approximately 20 miles north of Stewart, British Columbia in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia. The Wedeene property is located northwest of Kitimat, British Columbia. 	Decade Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 3, 2006
DBL	Darnley Bay Resources Limited is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company was formed to explore for and develop base metal and other deposits related to the 50 kilometers by 80 kilometers, 132-milligal Darnley Bay gravity anomaly near Paulatuk, Northwest Territories, Canada. The Company's operations involve exploration on its properties in the Northwest Territories and Quebec. The Company is also engaged in diamond exploration with Diadem Resources Ltd. (Diadem) on jointly held claims, which include 13 kimberlite pipes. The Company is focused on two project areas near Paulatuk, Northwest Territories. It holds 100% of the rights to the mineral concession covering all of the Paulatuk 7(1)(a) lands, and 100%-owned four prospecting permits and two claims adjacent to the concession in 7(1)(b) lands. The Company and Diadem hold 10 claims and nine leases on the Parry Peninsula northeast of Paulatuk in 7(1)(b) lands, where it is engaged in diamond exploration. 	Darnley Bay Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	
DLS	DealNet Capital Corp. is a Canada-based company that provides business process outsourcing (BPO) services. The Company operates through three business segments: Live Engagement BPO services, Mobile Engagement services and the Consumer Finance. The Live Engagement BPO services segment operates in Canada and the United States providing outsourced services, such as inbound customer service programs, outbound customer acquisition services, data entry and transcription services, as well as back office services. The Mobile Engagement services segment operates in Canada and the United States providing end-to-end mobile marketing solutions, allowing businesses to interact directly with mobile subscribers. The Consumer Financing segment operates solely in Canada and provides financing solutions to a network of Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) dealers. 	DealNet Capital Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	42	September 8, 1986
DE	Decisive Dividend Corporation is a Canada-based company. The Company, through its PGR Ventures Inc. owns and operates a heating products design, manufacturing and distribution business, primarily consisting of the Blaze King line of wood stoves, furnaces and other heating products. 	Decisive Dividend Corp	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	October 2, 2012
MKT	DeepMarkit Corp, formerly Challenger Deep Resources Corp., is focused on the development and operation of an enterprise-level online promotions management system using game-based promotions designed to engage consumers through all online channels and platforms. The Company intends to develop an online business application designed to promote brand, drive lead generation, reward loyalty and generate sales for businesses with either or both physical and online presence. The Company intends to deliver an Enterprise-level promotion Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution to the broadest market of online channels and platforms to provide a sales and marketing tool. The promotions application will include a selection sweepstakes, skill games, contests and instant win games. The Company was engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing coal properties, both directly and through joint ventures. 	DeepMarkit Corp	Energy	Coal	--	November 20, 2007
DEF	Defiance Silver Corp. is a Canada-based silver exploration company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of advanced exploration projects in Mexico. The Company owns San Acacio Project. The San Acacio Deposit is hosted within the historic San Acacio mine which is located within the Zacatecas Silver District and consists of 10 mineral concessions. The San Acacio option agreement is to explore, exploit and acquire a 100% interest in the historic San Acacio Silver Mine located in the Zacatecas silver district. The property is subject to a 2.5% net smelter return royalty (NSR) payable to the vendors on production from the property. 	Defiance Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 19, 2007
DMC.P	Dataminers Capital Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company's business is to identify and evaluate businesses and assets with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. Until the completion of a Qualifying Transaction, the Company will not carry on any business other than the identification and evaluation of assets or business in connection with a qualifying transaction. 	DataMiners Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 1, 2013
DEQ	DEQ Systems Corp. (DEQ) is a Canada-based customer centric company that offers breed table game technology related products to the gaming industry. The Company provides table game bonusing technology, table games, table game results tracking and jackpot connectivity solutions to more than 300 casinos in around 30 countries. Its principal activities include the development of intellectual property related to table game bonusing, IP license management, as well as the lease and sale of table game bonusing technology. The Companys business model is based on recurring revenue from intellectual property licensing and product leasing. Its products are installed directly by DEQ or through a partner/distributor. The Company has a patent portfolio of more than 20 patents recognized in around 50 countries. 	Deq Systems Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Casinos & Gaming	--	December 1, 2005
DVO.U	Delavaco Residential Properties Corp. (Delavaco), formerly Sereno Capital Corporation, is a Canada-based housing company. The Company is focused on the ownership and management of single and multi-family residential properties located principally in the south-eastern United States. The Companys real estate portfolio consists of approximately 842 single-family homes in Florida, Georgia and New Jersey, and approximately 311 multi-family units in Florida and Texas. Delavaco also manages approximately 316 multi-family unit portfolio in Hollywood Florida. 	Delavaco Residential Properties Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	March 19, 2007
DVA	Delivra Corp is a Canada-based developer of transdermal technologies for the delivery of pharmaceutical and natural molecules through the skin. The Company manufactures and markets numerous pain-relieving natural topical creams under the LivRelief brand, for conditions such as joint and muscle pain, nerve pain, varicose veins and wound healing, as well as under the LivSport brand for sports performance. Its products are available online, as well as in pharmacies, grocery stores and natural health stores across Canada. The Company also operates a research and development program, through which it further develops its transdermal delivery platform and licenses it to pharmaceutical companies around the world. 	Delivra Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 21, 2013
DSR	Desert Star Resources Ltd. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the identification, acquisition and development of copper and gold projects located in top-tier mineral belts in the southwestern United States that contain historical production, existing mining infrastructure and a mining culture. The Company holds interests in resource properties in Saskatchewan in Canada and Arizona and Nevada in the United States. The Companys properties are Henry, Anchor, Copper King, Copper Springs, and Red Top. 	Desert Star Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 29, 1986
DLC	Desmond Investments Ltd. is a Canada-based company. The Companys wholly owned subsidiary is Superior Macadamias (Pty) Ltd (Superior Macs) whose principle operations constitute the processing and sale of macadamia nuts from a wholly owned processing facility based in the Mpumalanga Province of South Africa. 	Desmond Investments Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	March 25, 2011
DSY	Destiny Media Technologies Inc., is a digital media company. The Company, through its subsidiaries develops and markets services that enable the distribution of digital media content over the Internet. The Companys services are based on security, watermarking and playerless streaming media technologies. The Companys product line includes: Play MPE, and Clipstream. Play MPE, is a digital delivery service for moving broadcast quality audio, video, images, promotional information and other digital content through the Internet. Clipstream, is based on technology which provides streaming video through the Internet directly on to devices and browsers and include engine technology, a cloud encoding and hosting service. 	Destiny Media Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	25	October 6, 2014
DVR	Deveron Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral resource company primarily focused on acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company's properties include Nechako Property, Rok West Property and Rockstone Property. The Company owns 100% interest in its Nechako Property. The Rok West Property consists of two claims located in the province of British Columbia. Rockstone Property is located near Thunder Bay, in north-west Ontario. The Rockstone Property consists of 21 claims. 	Deveron Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 28, 2011
ADK	DIAGNOS Inc. (DIAGNOS) is engaged in providing healthcare technical services, including screening, software and algorithm development, data analysis, and image processing. Computer Assisted Retinal Analysis (CARA) is the Companys proprietary tele-ophthalmology platform that integrates with existing equipment (hardware and software) and processes at the point of care (POC) and comprises: image upload, image enhancement automated pre-screening, grading by a specialist, and referral to a specialist. CARA is accessible over the Internet, and is compatible with all recognized image formats and brands of fundus cameras, and is EMR compatible. CARA is a tool for screening large numbers of patients, in real-time. 	Diagnos Inc	Technology	Software	--	April 11, 1996
DMI	Diamcor Mining Inc. (Diamcor) is a Canada-based junior diamond mining and exploration company. The Company pursues diamond related properties in South Africa and other diamond producing countries. Diamcor is developing and advancing its KroneEndora at Venetia project in South Africa. The Krone-Endora at Venetia project covers an area of around 5,888 hectares located adjacent to Venetia Diamond Mine. Its three diamond projects include Primary Kimberlite Projects, Alluvial and Eluvial Projects, and Tailings Re-Treatment Projects. The Company's principal assets include a 70% interest in DMI Minerals South Africa (Pty) Ltd.; ownership in DMI Diamonds South Arica (Pty) Ltd., an entity which serves its South African projects, operations, initial exploration efforts and the initial evaluation of all future projects, and an 85% interest in So Ver Mine (Pty) Ltd., a private South African company which owns the land and mining rights to an area at the town of Kimberley, South Africa. 	Diamcor Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
DAU	Desert Gold Ventures Inc is a Canada-based exploration company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Company focuses on exploration permits in Mali and Rwanda. The Company, through its subsidiary, TransAfrika Rwanda Gold S.A.R.L, has interests in exploration permit, Byumba prospect, which is located approximately 20 kilometers north of the Kigali, Rwanda. Byumba prospect lies in the Central African Kibaran Orogen, and has an area of approximately 90,119 hectares. The Company operates three permits in Mali, which include Farabantourou, Segala Ouest and Djimbala. Its Farabantourou and Segala Ouest are located in the Kenieba Birimian inlier in gold mining districts. Its Farabantourou project is located approximately 50 kilometers south of Sadiola and Yatela. Its Djimbala is situated south of Bamako in the Bougouni Birimian inlier within the Yanfolila Gold Belt, and covers an area of approximately 125 square kilometers. 	Desert Gold Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 1, 2003
DMA	DiaMedica Inc. (DiaMedica) is a development-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on unmet diseases, including acute vascular disease of the brain, kidney and heart. The Company's focus is on acute ischemic stroke (AIS) and acute kidney injury indications. Its lead product, DM199, is a recombinant human tissue kallikrein-1 protein (rhKLK1), a therapy engineered to improve endothelial function by vasodilation and by inducing new blood vessel growth (angiogenesis). The Company is pursuing the development of DM199 in acute vascular disease of the brain, kidney and heart with AIS as the lead initiative. It has completed a Phase I b of DM199 in T2D patients. DiaMedica's recombinant form of tissue kallikrein-1 treats a spectrum of clinical scenarios where re-establishing blood flow and reducing inflammation in patients is vital to preserving organ function, such as brain, kidney and heart. The Company has not commercialized its products and has not generated any revenues. 	DiaMedica Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	0	January 21, 2000
DWS	Diamond Estates Wines & Spirits Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the operation and consolidation of wineries, wine, spirit and beer distribution agencies, and sales and brand development. The Company operates in three segments: the sales of manufactured wines, sales of third-party wines and spirits, and commission and other income. It is a producer of wines and a sales agent for over 120 beverage alcohol brands across Canada. It operates two wineries in the Niagara region of Ontario producing Vintners Quality Alliance (VQA) and blended wines under the brand names, such as 20 Bees, EastDell Estates, Lakeview Cellars, Dois Amigos, Dan Aykroyd, Riders Valley, Benchmark and Seasons. It also imports fine wines and spirits as the marketing and sales agent for various brands from around the world, which include Fat Bastard wines from France, Fireball Whiskey Shooter from Canada, Hpnotiq Liqueur from France, Anciano wines from Spain and Francois Lurton wines from France and Argentina. 	Diamond Estates Wines & Spirit Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	--	June 30, 2011
DHR	Discovery Harbour Resources Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's projects include 2Bar Copper/Silver Project and Wabassi Joint Venture Project. The Company has around 100% interest in approximately 227 non-contiguous acres (91.97 hectares) of mining claims in table mountain mining district, Churchill County, Nevada. The 2Bar Copper/Silver is located near Lovelock in the Table Mountain Mining District, Churchill County, Nevada. The 2Bar Copper/Silver project consists of around 11 patented mining claims. The Company's unpatented claims have a total area of approximately 1,491 acres (603 hectares). The Company's 2Bar Copper/Silver project Property consists of approximately 1,717 acres (695 hectares) that the Company holds either through option or direct ownership. The Company has completed its first phase of drilling at 2Bar Copper/Silver project. It holds around 51% interest in Wabassi base and precious metal project located in northwestern Ontario, Canada. 	Discovery Harbour Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 11, 2009
DOS	Dios Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in mineral research exploring in glacial terranes, systematically sampling glacial sediment cover for minerals, with approximately 2,500 mining claims in areas along a geological contact in James Bay. These claims has potential in gold and diamonds. The Company's projects includes AU33 West (Gold) 33 Carats (Diamond - Gold), 14 Karats (Gold - Diamond), Solo (Gold) and Le Caron (Gold). The 33 CARATS claims are located along north of the town of Chibougamau, Quebec, south of the Renard diamond deposit and northwest of the Eastmain Mine gold deposit. The 14 KARATS project is located approximately 35 to 55 kilometers east of the Stornoway Renard diamond deposit, and over 50 to 70 kilometers north east of the Eastmain gold mine. The Solo project is located over 30 kilometers due west of the Km 381 Relay and of the Matagami-Radisson highway, between the Opinaca and Eastmain Rivers. 	Dios Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 6, 2000
DUG	QE2 Acquisition Corp, formerly Crowsnest Acquisition Corp, is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company proposes to identify and evaluate potential acquisitions or businesses, and once identified and evaluated, to negotiate an acquisition or participation subject to regulatory and, if required, shareholders' approval. The Company acquires, consolidates and grows Alberta-based businesses in the infrastructure and utility service sectors. The Company does not have any operations and will not conduct any business other than the identification and evaluation of business and assets for potential acquisition. 	Distinct Infrastructure Group Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 19, 2012
DCY	nul	Discovery Corp Enterprises Inc			--	
DVN	Discovery Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. The Company is engaged in four main projects which include Redbird/Rabbit, Bralorne, Willa and Max Mine and Mill. Redbird/Rabbit claims consist of approximately 21 mineral tenures totalling approximately 4085 hectares (10,094 acres) located in southern British Columbia in the Similkameen Mining Division. The Bralorne claims are located in southern British Columbia in the Lillooet Mining Division, approximately 100 air miles north east of Vancouver. The Willa property is the site of gold, copper and silver deposit located in southeastern British Columbia. The Max Project consists of 59 mineral claims totalling approximately 5,489 hectares and certain under surface rights located in Revelstoke mining division of the Province of British Columbia. 	Discovery Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 13, 1999
DVG	Divergent Energy Services Corp., formerly Canadian Oilfield Solutions Corp., is engaged in providing products and services to its clients in the oil and gas industry throughout North America and Mexico. This includes artificial lift products and services, flexible pipeline products and services, project financing and oilfield construction management. It operates through three business segments: Pump sales and service business, through which the Company supplies and services a range of electric submersible pumps and artificial lift support products; Pipe sales and installation business, through which the Company supplies Flexsteel (steel-cased flexible pipe) through contractors in Mexico, and Project management and financing, through which the Company facilitates project financing and provides project management services to Mexican contractors for oilfield infrastructure projects. 	Divergent Energy Services Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	22	October 21, 1996
DVT	Divestco Inc. (Divestco) is an exploration services company. The Company provides integrated portfolio of data, software, and services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates in four business segments: software and data provide solutions and is a resource for geologists, geophysicists, engineers and land agents; Services offer geomatics services, which include data integrity validation, mapping, database hosting, seismic processing services, and advisory support and consultation; Seismic Data Focuses on providing the oil and natural gas industry includes brokering and licensing existing seismic data; Corporate and Other provides finance and accounting, sales and marketing, human resources (HR) and information technology (IT) services to the Companys operating segments. 	Divestco Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	87	September 28, 2009
DFI	Diamond Fields International Ltd. (Diamond Fields) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company has marine and land based exploration and mining licenses. The Company is focused on the Namibian marine diamond project and Atlantis II Red Sea deeps project. Diamond Fields also has international exploration activities, primarily for diamonds and gold in Liberia, polymetallic hydrothermal deposits in Saudi Arabia, as well as exploration rights in Madagascar. The company has an agreement with Afri-Can Marine Minerals Corporation (Afri-Can), which enables Afri-Can to acquire a 90% interest in diamond mining leases (MLs) 111, 138, 139 and 32 off the coast of Namibia in the region of Luderitz. The Valozoro nickel deposit is located approximately 60 kilometers north of the town of Fianarantsoa in south central Madagascar. 	Diamond Fields International Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	March 27, 2007
DV	Dolly Varden Silver Corporation is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing exploration, and evaluation assets. The Company owns 100% interest in multiple mineral titles and claims in the Northern Kitsault region of British Columbia (the Dolly Varden Property) and had owned contiguous mineral tenures located on the north side of Iskut River (Iskut Property). The Company has also entered into an option agreement to acquire 100% interest in the Musketeer property located in northwestern British Columbia, Canada. The Dolly Varden Property y comprises an area of 8,800 hectares and includes the Dolly Varden and Big Bulk claims located in or near to Kitsault Valley, northwestern British Columbia. The Iskut Property consists of certain contiguous mineral tenures (2,182 hectares) that are underlain by Hazelton group volcanic rocks. 	Dolly Varden Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 30, 2012
DGA.P	Dominion General Investment Corp, located in Toronto, Ontario, is a capital pool company. The company is also an investment company. The company was founded on 2014. 	Dominion General Investment Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 10, 2014
DOX	nul	Dorex Minerals Inc			--	
DBV	Doubleview Capital Corp. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties located in British Columbia. The Company has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Hat Property and the Mount Milligan North Property, as well as an option to acquire a 90% interest in the Red Springs Project. The Company also holds 100% title in the Metropolitan Property. The Hat Property consists of six mineral claims totaling 1,892.24 hectares and is 50 kilometers northwest of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia. The Mount Milligan North Property comprises 30 contiguous mineral claims totaling 10,896.32 hectares and is located near Mount Milligan mine, approximately 165 kilometers northwest of Prince George, British Columbia. The Metropolitan Property is located in the Kootenay District and consists of four mineral claims totaling 776.27 hectares and includes the former Metropolitan silver-gold-lead-zinc mine, and two silver-gold-lead-zinc occurrences. 	Doubleview Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 18, 2008
DXA	Doxa Energy Ltd. (Doxa) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged primarily in exploration for, and production of, petroleum and natural gas reserves in Oklahoma and Texas, the United States. Doxa is involved in both unconventional and conventional projects. It has commenced initial production with oil sales from the Epley Project. The Company develops and maintains a portfolio of producing and developing conventional and unconventional assets, including the Mississippian Lime Play in northern Oklahoma, Sarco Creek project, and Eagle Ford Shale trends in South Texas. The Company approximately completed 20 producing wells and produced approximately 40 barrels of oil per and 152 thousand cubic feet of natural gas per day, or 61 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well. 	Doxa Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 13, 2007
DPH	nul	Duncan Park Holdings Corp			--	
DVI	nul	Dunnedin Ventures Inc			--	
DRV	Duran Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. It is focused on the exploration and development of porphyry copper, precious metal, and polymetallic deposits in Peru. The Company operates its business segment, mineral exploration and two geographical segments, Peru and Canada. Its mineral exploration properties include Mamanina Porphyry Copper-Molybdenum-Gold Project, Don Pancho Project, Minasnioc Gold-Silver Project, Ichuna Copper-Silver Project and Panteria Porphyry Copper Project. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Mamanina copper/gold project located in north central Peru. It holds a 100% interest in the Panteria phorphyry copper project located in south central Peru. It holds a 100% interest in the Don Pancho silver lead zinc project located in central Peru. It holds a 100% interest in the Ichuna copper/silver project, located in southern Peru. 	Duran Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 30, 2008
DGO	Durango Resources, Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of mineral resource properties within Canada. The Company is in the mineral exploration business and has no revenues. The Company owns 100% interest in Descouverte (Discovery) Property. The Decouverte (Discovery) property of over 51 square kilometers is located 100 kilometers north of Chibougamau in the Frotet, Evans greenstone belt. The Company also has interests in Trove, Quebec and McGillivray, BC projects. The Company owns a 100% interest in Trove project, a 1,500 hectare property located approximately 15km to the southwest of Eagle Hills (EAG) Windfall Lake Gold Property. The McGillivray property geology consists of fault bounded slices of dioritic to granodioritic intrusives of the Permian to Triassic age, Mount Lytton Complex, intruded or faulted into, highly altered, Lower Cretaceous, andesitic volcanics of the Pimainus Formation of the Spences Bridge Group. 	Durango Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 21, 2006
DXE	Dualex Energy International Inc (Dualex) is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration for, and development and production of petroleum and natural gas properties internationally, with primary focus on Tunisia. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, holds working interests in Tunisia and Hungary, as well as interests in North America. Dualex's Bouhajla Permit (the Permit) is located in the western region of the Pelagian Basin of north eastern Tunisia and totals approximately 135,000 acres or 536 square kilometers. Dualex owns around 70% of PetroHungaria kft, which in turn holds approximately 100% interest in the Peneszlek II Mining Plot (production concession), covering an area of around 10,700 acres or 43.37 square kilometers. Dualex, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Dualex Tunisia Inc., holds approximately 100% of the contractor interest in the Permit. 	Dualex Energy International Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	5	March 20, 2006
DLV	DV Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company. The Company is not involved in active mining exploration and development activities. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	DV Resources Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	December 1, 1999
DSF	DuSolo Fertilizers Inc., formely Eagle Star Minerals Corp., is an exploration-stage company. The Company is in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral properties in Canada and Brazil. It is a producer of phosphate operating Brazil. The Companys projects include Bomfim Agro-mineral Project (Bomfim), Ruth Agro-Mineral Project and Samba Agro-Mineral Project. The Company owns 100% of the Bomfim Project. The Bomfim claims are located in the southernmost part of the Tocantins state near the city of Campos Belos. Its 100%-owned Ruth Agro-mineral Project is located in the center of Piaui state, near the cities of Picos and Eliseu Martins. Located within the central western portion of Piaui state and near the cities of Valenca and Sao Jose do Peixe, Samba Agro-mineral Project comprises phosphate mineralization. 	DuSolo Fertilizers Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	--	March 11, 2004
DYA	dynaCERT Inc. is engaged in delivering carbon emission reduction technologies. The Company is involved in the design, engineering, manufacturing, testing, distributing and installation of a transportable hydrogen generator aftermarket product, originally targeted for use in the heavy tractor trailer industry. The Company's patent-pending technology creates hydrogen and oxygen on-demand through electrolysis and supplies these additives through the air intake to enhance combustion for the purpose of yielding lower carbon emissions and fuel efficiency. Its technology is in use with on-road applications and is in development for other applications, such as power generation. The Company has aligned itself with companies globally to introduce and market the HydraGen product. The Company assembles the HydraGen units at its Toronto facility. 	dynaCERT Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	January 1, 2004
DYG	Dynasty Gold Corp. is a Canada-based company, engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focusing its exploration and development efforts in North America. The Company initiated two exploration programs on properties in Northern Quebec and on the Carlin Trend in Nevada. Its 100% owned Golden Repeat property is located in the Elko County of Nevada, the United States. The Golden Repeat property consists of 49 contiguous mining claims totaling 980 acres (392 hectares) in northwestern Elko County, Nevada. The Company also owns 70% interests in the Hatu Qi-2 gold resource in the Xinjiang Province of China. The Company acquired exploration licenses for 1,000 square kilometers within an Area of Mutual Interest of 2,500 square kilometers in Xinjiang Autonomous Region of Northwest China. The Hatu property is located in the Tian Shan metallogenic belt, which is host to several world-class gold deposits including Kumtor and Muruntau. 	Dynasty Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 12, 1985
DNX	Dynex Power Inc. is a supplier of high power semiconductor products. The Company is primarily engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of high power bipolar discrete semiconductors, high power modules (IGBTs) and die and high power electronic assemblies. The Group is also engaged in the manufacture and sale of high reliability integrated circuits. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary, Dynex Semiconductor Limited, which is based in Lincoln, England. The Company and its subsidiary are engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of industrial power equipment. Zhuzhou CSR Times Electric Co., Ltd (CSR Times Electric) is the Company's immediate parent company. CSR Times Electric is itself majority owned by the CSR Group, which is therefore the Company's ultimate parent company. The Company also provides advice and assistance, primarily to CSR Times Electric, on matters relating to semiconductor design and manufacture. 	Dynex Power Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	332	June 15, 1999
DXX	DXStorm.com Inc. is a Canada-based e-business applications service provider and developer. Its principal business is providing services relating to medical application software development, e-commerce and internet based solutions to clients in Canada, the United States of America and Sint Maarten. The Company provides Internet based solutions to businesses, including turnkey e-store solutions for small business, as well as custom developed and implemented web, database, network, security, and transaction systems for any enterprise. Its services include DXshop, a turnkey e-store solution for small to medium businesses; DXcart, an e-Commerce enabler for web sites on any platform; DXweb, a web site development and hosting for any size company, and DXcustom, an enterprise class web systems and software for any size business. 	DXSTORM.com Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	October 6, 1993
EEV	nul	E-Energy Ventures Inc			--	
ESV	E.S.I. Environmental Sensors Inc. is engaged in the development, manufacture, sale and aftermarket servicing of water measurement instrumentation and related technology. The Company develops time domain reflectometry (TDR) and time domain transmissometry (TDT) devices in water management. The Company's technologies are integrated into a range of products, primarily sensors, accessories and associated hardware and software. The Company's products are used in irrigation control, crop management, turf management, environmental management applications, mining, forestry, silviculture, scientific research, and various civil and municipal engineering applications, including slope stability and landfill monitoring. The Company has also adapted its technology to address water management applications in the oil industry. The Company's technologies are marketed under the names of Gro.Point, Moisture.Point and Flo.Point. 	ESI Environmental Sensors Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	
EGA	Eagle Graphite Incorporated, formerly Amerix Precious Metals Corporation, is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a graphite exploration and evaluation company, which is in the business of mineral exploration and is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of graphite properties in British Columbia. The Company owns the Black Crystal graphite quarry and processing plant, which is located in British Columbia, Canada. The plant operates at a throughput rate of approximately 20 tons of feed per hour, a rate roughly equivalent to an annual output of approximately 4,000 tons of high carbon natural flake graphite. The Company owns around nine mineral tenures covering an area of approximately 1,925 hectares of land near Nelson, British Columbia. 	Eagle Graphite Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 27, 2004
EPL	Eagle Plains Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a junior resource company holding properties in Western Canada for the purpose of exploring for, and the development of mineral resources. The Company's primary objective is to engage in the acquisition and development of early-stage exploration projects. The Company controls over 40 gold, silver, uranium, copper, molybdenum, lead, zinc, gypsum and rare earth (REE) mineral projects, eight of which are under option agreements with third parties. The Company also provides geological services on its properties optioned to others and properties owned by others through its subsidiary, Terralogic Exploration Inc. (Terralogic). Its exploration and evaluation assets include Goatfell Project, Iron Range Project, K-9 Project, Kokanee Creek Project, and Orchid Project, among others. 	Eagle Plains Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 30, 1994
ERN	Earny Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral property interests in British Columbia. Its project is located in the Spences Bridge Group, which is a gold belt in central British Columbia for epithermal-style gold-silver mineralization. The property lies approximately 17 kilometers southeast of Spences Bridge, British Columbia. The PC property is underlain by volcanoclastic and andesitic flows of the Pimainus Formation of the Spences Bridge Group. The PC Property lies within the Lower Cretaceous Spences Bridge Group, which is an andesitic to rhyolitic volcanic arc belt of rocks, lying in south central British Columbia. This belt stretches from the north of Princeton to the west of Cache Creek with additional outliers continuing further north to Gang Ranch. 	Earny Resources Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 9, 2011
EWK	Earthworks Industries Inc is a holding and international development company. The Company is focused on identifying and developing sustainable opportunities through international ventures, multi-cultural relationships and technological and practical project approaches. The Company has one wholly owned subsidiary, Cortina Integrated Waste Management, Inc. (CIWM). The Company has lease with the Cortina Band of Wintun Indians to design, construct and operate an integrated waste handling facility on 443 acres of the Cortina Rancheria in Colusa County California. The project is located approximately 85 miles north-east of San Francisco and has an approximate disposal capacity of 12 million cubic yards of waste. 	Earthworks Industries Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 2, 1984
EAM	East Africa Metals Inc. (East Africa) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company identifies, acquires, explores and develops base and precious metal resource properties in Ethiopia and Tanzania. Its mineral properties include the Harvest and the Adyabo projects in Ethiopia, and the Handeni project in Tanzania. It has a 70% interest in the Harvest project, which is located 600 kilometers north of Addis Ababa. The Harvest project consists of four exploration concessions, such as Nefasit, Hamlo, Terakimti and Igub covering around 116 square kilometers, located in the Arabian Nubian Shield in Northern Ethiopia. The Adyabo project is located in the underexplored area of the Arabian Nubian Shield. The Handeni project is located 173 kilometers northwest of Dar es Salaam and 35 kilometers south of the town of Handeni. The Handeni property consists of two contiguous mineral tenures totaling around 83.5 square kilometers and two mining licenses covering 9.9 square kilometers. 	East Africa Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 7, 2012
EAS	East Asia Minerals Corporation is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company has gold and copper exploration properties in Indonesia, and uranium exploration properties in Mongolia. In Indonesia the Company has a 70% to 85% interest in three advanced gold and gold-copper properties located in Aceh Province, Sumatra, and Sangihe Island, North Sulawesi. Its projects are Miwah Project, Sangihe Project and Tansgse Project. The Company also owns six uranium properties uranium projects and two phosphate properties in Mongolia. The Companys exploration focuses include The Miwah epithermal gold deposit located in the Province of Aceh, Indonesia where an initial 3.14 million ounce National Instrument 43-101 compliant gold resource. The Sangihe Gold-Copper Project located on the island of Sangihe off the northern coast of Sulawesi in Indonesia. 	East Asia Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 5, 1996
EW	East West Petroleum Corp. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the development, exploration and production of international oil and gas properties. The Company's portfolio consists of interests in exploration concessions in New Zealand and Romania, and producing properties in the Taranaki Basin, New Zealand and Alberta, Canada. In New Zealand, the Company holds 30% working interest in PEP 54877 and 50% working interest in PEP 54879. The Company also owns working interests in four exploration blocks, including EX-2 (Tria), EX-3 (Baile Felix), EX-7 (Periam) and EX-8 (Biled), located in the Pannonian Basin in western Romania. The four exploration blocks, EX-2 (Tria), EX-3 (Baile Felix), EX-7 (Periam) and EX-8 (Biled) cover an area of approximately 1,000,000 acres. In the United States, the Company owned 25% participation interest in the Tejon Extension leases and 50% interest in the Tejon Main area. 	East West Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 23, 1987
ETF	Eastfield Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of prospective copper, gold nickel and molybdenum properties in Western Canada.Its properties include Zymo Property, indata Property, Okeover Property, Tonopah Property, Naggie Property, Hedge Hog Property, Khan Khan Target, Golden Sky Target, Antler Property and Mile Creek Target. The Zymo property is located approximately 45 kilometer west of the town of Smithers in west-central British Columbia and encompasses several porphyry copper-gold targets and occurrences. The Indata property is located approximately 130 kiometer to the northwest of Fort St. James in central British Columbia. The Iron Lake Project, located in south central British Columbia, is a regionally distinct copper, gold, platinum group elements and nickel project hosted in an ultramafic-mafic intrusion within the Quesnel Terrane. 	Eastfield Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
ESU	EEStor Corporation, formerly ZENN Motor Company Inc., is an engineering and development company. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, ZENN Capital Inc., holds its interest in EEStor, Inc. (EEStor). The Company holds common shares and preferred shares representing around 71.3% voting and equity interest in EEStor. The Companys primary business is to focus on licensing and partnership opportunities across a spectrum of industries and applications. The Company's subsidiaries include ZENN Motor Company Limited, ZENNergy Inc. and ZMC America, Inc. 	EEStor Corporation	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto & Truck Manufacturers	7	September 28, 2004
EFT	EFT Canada Inc. is a financial transaction processing company. The Company offers solution to the electronic collection and payment processing needs of small and medium sized business merchants, banks, credit unions, and other financial firms in Canada and the United States. The Company develops, maintains and delivers online electronic transaction processing technologies, such as customized electronic payment and collection processing solutions and additionally, through its Canadian marketing relationship with Secure Payment Systems, a suite of electronic gift and loyalty card services. The Company's customers are located in Canada, the United States and Europe. The Company's Web-based solution enables businesses to process electronic transactions from any computer. It provides businesses with the ability to accept and process single or recurring customer transactions (depending on country) from bank accounts located in Canada and the United States. 	EFT Canada Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	2003
EGX	Ecuador Gold and Copper Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of the gold mineral rights located in Ecuador. The Company holds a 90% interest in the Condor Gold project. The Condor Gold project is located in the Zamora-Chinchipe in southern Ecuador in the Cordillera del Condor south of the 13.7 million ounce Fruta del Norte project. The Condor project includes 43-101Gold Resource, 43-101Silver Resource and 43-101Copper Resource. Mineralization in the Condor project include a sulphidation narrow-vein epithermal system in the historical Chinapintza area; a sulphidation epithermal gold bearing diatremes, volcaniclastics and breccia bodies at Los Cuyes, Enma and Soledad, and Gold-copper porphyry mineralization at Santa Barbara and copper-molybdenum porphyry mineralization at El Hito. 	Ecuador Gold and Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 7, 2008
EDE	Edge Resources Inc. (Edge) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company focuses on the exploration, development and production of shallow oil and natural gas horizons. Its operating projects include Eye Hill, Grand Forks and Edmonton Sands. The Eye Hill project produces over 100 barrels of oil per day (BOPD) with decreasing water cuts. The Grand Forks project has a net oil production of approximately 90 barrels of oil equivalent (BOE)/day and proved developed producing (PDP) reserves of approximately 443,800 BOE. The Company owns interests in 28 sections of land in the Willesden Green and Gilby areas, located in west central Alberta approximately 75 kilometers northwest of Red Deer, Alberta. 	Edge Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	July 23, 2009
EBM	Eastwood Bio-Medical Canada Inc. (EMBC) is a Canada-based company engaged in the marketing and distributing natural health products in North America. The Company is a licensed distributor of the Eleotin line of products, which include formulations based on natural ingredients that are presented in tea or capsule forms. The Eleotin products include natural remedies for certain metabolic disorders such as blood glucose disorders, hypertension and obesity. Nine of the Company's licensed products are Eleotin A 700, indicated for the treatment for spleen deficiency, lack of appetite, and fatigue; Eleotin AL88, a laxative); Eleotin Cal20, for bone and teeth maintenance; Eleotin V3D for development and maintenance of bones and teeth; Eleotin G2000 for cardiovascular health; Eleotin H55, a sedative, and Eleotin Zn330, indicated for tissue formation and metabolism. 	Eastwood Bio-Medical Canada Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	--	December 10, 2010
YFI	Edgewater Wireless Systems Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged in developing and commercializing leading-edge technologies and intellectual property for the wireless communications market. The Companys product line, the family of multi-channel WiFi access points known as WiFi3, targets high density WiFi applications in the growing Carrier WiFi and enterprise markets. The Company delivers product solutions designed to meet the performance, quality of service (QoS) and reliability needs of service providers and their customers. Its, WiFi3 is redefining WiFi technology with its wideband, multi-channel radio and capacity Access Point solutions. The Company is delivering next generation WiFi. 	Edgewater Wireless Systems Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	0	January 22, 1987
EGT	Eguana Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in development and manufacturing of advanced power inverters for the alternative and renewable energy industry. The Company develops and manufactures solar photovoltaic (PV) systems, small wind turbines, fuel cells and all forms of energy storage. The Company designs and manufactures products which provide the power control and conversion functionality needed to create energy storage systems. The Companys products charge and discharge batteries converting alternating current to direct current (charge function) and converting direct current to alternating current (discharge function) in a bi-directional conversion process. The Company operates in Europe, the United States and Japan. The Companys subsidiaries include Sustainable Energy Systems Inc., Sustainable Energy Europa S.L., STG Markets Limited Partnership, Sustainable Energy Laboratories Ltd., International Power Systems, Inc., and Sustainable Energy France. 	Eguana Technologies Inc	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	53	November 4, 1996
EOG	Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas Ltd. is a Canada-based development stage company. The Company is engaged in identifying, acquiring and exploring petroleum, natural gas, shale gas, and coal bed methane (CBM) licenses. The Company's license includes Cooper License, Sharon License, Guy License, Daniel License, PAO 50 License, PAO 51 License and Ghana License. The Company has entered into a farm-out agreement with AziNam. The Company has not commenced principal drillings operations. The Company's subsidiaries include Eco Atlantic Holdings Ltd., Pan African Oil (Mauritius) Ltd, Pan African Oil Holdings Ltd., Pan African Oil Namibia Holdings (Pty) Ltd., Pan African Oil Namibia (Pty) Ltd. and Eco (BVI) Oil & Gas Ltd. 	Eco Atlantic Oil and Gas Ltd	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	3	November 25, 2011
ED.UN	Edgefront Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is engaged on the acquisition, ownership and management of industrial properties located in primary and secondary markets in North America, with an initial focus on Western Canada. The REIT acquired, indirectly through the purchase of two newly created holding companies and a newly created limited partnership, a portfolio of 10 industrial properties totaling approximately 435,000 square feet of building area on approximately 122 acres of land located in Alberta, Saskatchewan, British Columbia and the Northwest Territories. 	Edgefront Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	July 30, 2012
EDW	Edgewater Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and mine development company. The Company focuses on two stage gold projects namely Enchi gold project in Ghana and Corcoesto gold project in Spain. The Enchi Project is an open pit and underground gold mine located in south-western Ghana. It covers a 50 square kilometer (km) length. The project consists of vein gold colonial-era and galamsey prospects, with Tokosea and Sewum mines, and also contains Shallow oxide and deeper sulphide associated gold mineralization. The Corcoesto Gold Mining Property is an advanced-stage gold exploration project situated in northwest Spain, approximately 36 km west-southwest of the port city of La Coruna. Gold mineralization at the Corcoesto deposit consists of sheeted quartz veins, quartz breccias and silicification. The quartz veins and breccias are hosted in potassically altered orthogeniss, biotitic gneiss and schists. 	Edgewater Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ES	Eight Solutions Inc., formerly Gener8 Media Corp., is a media technology company. The Company primarily is involved in providing stereo conversion services to convert two-dimensional movies to three-dimensional movies. The Company provides three-dimensional (3D) stereoscopic conversion services for the Hollywood film industry as well as cloud-based data management and analytic services to the entertainment industry. 	Eight Solutions Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 24, 2011
ELN	El Nino Ventures Inc. (ELN) is an exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The Company's projects include Bathurst JV Base Metals Project (the BJVP Project), Murray Brook Project and x Project. The Company also has a 100% interest in the Bancroft properties, which comprises the Halo Project and the Silver Crater Project and include certain claims east of the town of Bancroft, Ontario, Canada. The BJVP Project consists of various claims owned 50% between ELN and Glencore Canada Corporation (Glencore), in the prolific Bathurst Mining Camp of New Brunswick, Canada. The Murray Brook deposit is a zinc-lead-copper-silver sulfide. ELN owns 35% of the Murray Brook Project and Votorantim Metals Canada Inc. is the operator. The Kasala Copper Project is located in the Central African Copper Belt, approximately 70 kilometers northwest of Lubumbashi, DRC. 	El Nino Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 19, 1988
ERA	Elcora Advanced Materials Corp, formerly Elcora Resources Corp, is a Canada-based graphite and graphene company. The Company mines, processes, refines graphite, as well as produces both the graphene and end-graphene applications. The Company focuses on material research and production. The Company has interests in the Sakura and Ragedara mines in Sri Lanka. The Company's Ragedara project has approximately two plots with an area of approximately 70 acres and approximately one plot with an area of approximately 20 acres. The Company's Ragedara project includes an exploration license covering approximately four square kilometers and an industrial mining license. The Company's Ragedara mine operates at approximately 1,000 tons per annum (tpa). The Company focuses on designing and constructing processing test and assay facilities for graphite and graphene in Sri Lanka. Graphene Corporation is a subsidiary of the Company. 	Elcora Advanced Materials Corp	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	June 6, 2011
ELT	Electra Stone Inc., formerly Electra Gold Ltd., is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the development of and exploration for industrial minerals used in the cement industry. The company is engaged in mining Chalky Geyserite on northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia. The Company is in the process of mining the Apple Bay mineral properties located on Vancouver Island near Port Hardy, British Columbia. The Company is in the process of exploring other industrial mineral properties and is considered to be an exploration company. The Company conducts all of its operations in Canada in two business segments: the mining of industrial mineral properties, and exploration for gold and other industrial minerals. The Companys mineral claims are located on crown land within the traditional territory of Quatsino First Nation Band. 	Electra Stone Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 1, 1981
EMS.P	Element 79 Capital Inc. (Element 79) is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Companys principal business is to identify and evaluate business opportunities with the objective of completing the acquisition of an interest in properties, assets or a business under Exchange rules. 	Element 79 Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 6, 2013
ELM	Element Lifestyle Retirement Inc., formerly Sonoma Resources Inc., focuses on providing management services for senior retirement communities. The Company develops and manages third-party assets in the senior retirement community space. It offers services in the areas of demographic and market research of neighborhoods; property acquisitions; business analysis and recommendations; community design; rezoning processes; construction processes; sales, marketing and public relations; community launch management, and stabilization management. It also provides professional services, such as federal and provincial regulatory compliance; audit programs and accreditation; human resources management; personal and clinical care management; sales and marketing; business administration and accounting; culinary and dining management; housekeeping and environmental services; asset management and maintenance; wellness services; activities and recreational programming, and transportation services. 	Element Lifestyle Retirement Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 31, 2007
ECT	Ellipsiz Communications Ltd, formerly NXA Inc. (NXA), is a Canada-based company that focuses on setting up operations support systems. The Company has one operating segment, which is primarily involved in providing communications services and solutions for the communications industry. The Companys systems, which control and monitor network activities, for communication service providers, including mobile network providers, fixed line telephone operators, cable operators and Internet service providers. 	Ellipsiz Communications Ltd	Technology	Communications Equipment	0	April 1, 1996
ELO	Eloro Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based gold exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of gold and base metal properties. The Company's portfolio of properties are located in Peru, South America, and in northern and western Quebec, Canada. The Company is focused on exploring its La Victoria polymetallic property, which is a copper-gold-silver property. The property consists of approximately 10 concessions, covering approximately 3,400 hectares in the Huandoval District, Pallasca Province, Ancash Department, in the North-Central Mineral Belt of Peru. Its La Victoria property encompasses approximately 30 square kilometers in two adjacent properties in Peru's North-Central Mineral Belt. The Company owns various early-stage base-metal exploration properties in the LaGrange and Eastmain greenstone belts in north-western Quebec, including the Summit Gabbre property and the Delta/Eastmain property. 	Eloro Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 11, 1985
ELY	Ely Gold & Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource projects. The Company is focused on gold projects in North America. The Company's Mount Hamilton is a 5,455 acre property located at the southern end of the Battle Mountain Gold Trend, 65 kilometers west of the town of Ely, Nevada. The property contains both precious and base metal mineralization that occurs within a gently folded sequence of Cambrian aged sedimentary rocks. Its Green Springs property covers an area of 1,498 acres and lies approximately 5 miles south of the Mt Hamilton project. The Company's operations are conducted through the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, DHI Minerals Ltd. (DHI) and its subsidiary DHI Minerals (US) Ltd. (DHI US). 	Ely Gold and Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 10, 1996
ELC	Elysee Development Corp, formerly Alberta Star Development Corp, is a Canada-based resource exploration and development company that identifies, acquires and finances mineral exploration properties. The Company's mineral exploration property assets include Archie Lake Property, which includes one claim and located in Saskatchewan; Central Canada Gold Property, which includes seven claims totaling 24 claim units and located in Ontario; Contact Lake Mineral Claims, which includes five mineral claims and located in Great Bear Lake, Northwest Territories; Port Radium, which includes Glacier Lake Mineral Claims and Crossfault Lake Property and located in Northwest Territories; North Contact Lake Mineral Claims, which includes 11 mineral claims and located in Great Bear Lake, Northwest Territories, and Eldorado South IOCG & Uranium Project, which includes six mineral claims and located to south of the Eldorado uranium mine on the east side of Great Bear Lake, Northwest Territories. 	Elysee Development Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	3	September 6, 1996
EBY	Emerald Bay Energy Inc. is an exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for and development of petroleum and natural gas properties. The Company has operations in Central Alberta and South Texas. The Company's energy portfolio in Central Alberta includes natural gas, oil and electrical power generation. The Company's projects in South Texas counties, such as Medina Bexar and Atascosa, and Guadalupe County. The Company's Medina Bexar and Atascosa operation includes Somerset, Taylor-Ina and Chicon Lake fields. The Company's Guadalupe County operations include Wooden Horse, Nash Creek, Cottonwood Creek and Holmes Lake. The Wooden Horse zones of interests include Austin Chalk, Buda Limestone, Georgetown, Edwards Limestone and Pearsall Shale. The Nash Creek zones of interests include Pecan Gap, Austin Chalk, Buda, Edwards Limestone and Pearsall Shale. The Cottonwood Creek zones of interests include Navarro, Austin Chalk, Buda, Edwards Limestone and Pearsall Shale. 	Emerald Bay Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 9, 1997
EMO	Emerita Resources Corp. (Emerita), formerly Emerita Gold Corp., is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Spain. The Company has interests in three gold exploration properties, in which two are Las Morras and Pena Encina, which are located in the Extremadura region, and the other is Sierra Alta, which is located in the Asturias region in northwestern Spain. It has 100% interest in the Las Morras Property, which covers an area of 6,816 hectares and is located in the eastern part of the Badajoz province. The Company's Pena Encina gold project is located on the Central Ridge of the La Codosera area. The project is about 65 kilometers west of the town of Caceres and 180 Kilometers northeast of Lisbon and covers a total of 4,140 hectares. Emerita's Sierra Alta Property covers an area of 2,500 hectares, totalling 90 claims in the Asturias region in northwestern Spain. 	Emerita Resources Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 30, 2009
EMR	Emgold Mining Corporation is an exploration-stage company. The Company is a gold exploration and mine development company with properties located in the western United States and Canada. The Company has a three gold and silver exploration projects located in the Rawhide Mining District, Nevada, adjacent to or near the Denton Rawhide Mine. These properties include the Buckskin Rawhide East, Buckskin Rawhide West and Koegel Rawhide properties. High grade vein and bulk disseminated gold exploration targets have been identified on these properties for further exploration. The Company also has two poly-metallic exploration projects located in the Nelson District of British Columbia. Gold, silver, molybdenum and tungsten targets have been identified and drilled on the Stewart Property. Gold targets have been identified and drilled on the Rozan property. 	Emgold Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	March 17, 1989
EMH	Emerald Health Therapeutics Inc, formerly T-Bird Pharma Inc., is a development-stage pharmaceutical company. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Emerald Health Botanicals Inc., holds a license under the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (Canada) to cultivate and sell medical cannabis. Emerald Health Botanicals Inc. offers pharmaceutical grade medical cannabis and supports education to its staff, patients and the community. The Company offers the product, EMERALD No. 10 Hybrid, which is a dried marihuana. It holds a facility in Victoria, British Columbia. 	Emerald Health Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	--	July 31, 2007
EPR	Empire Rock Minerals Inc., formerly Ultra Resources Corp., is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada and Slovakia. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Gwyn Lake claims located in the Thunder Bay Mining District of Ontario. The Gwyn Lake Gold Property is located on the Beardmore Geraldton Gold Belt, 15 kilometers east of Beardmore, Ontario. The Gwyn Lake Property comprises three claims comprising 20 claim units measuring approximately 2 kilometers by 2 kilometers, covering an area of 320 hectares. It also holds interest in the Buck Lake Project located in the Thunder Bay Mining Division, Ontario. Its wholly owned subsidiary includes Beckov Minerals, s.r.o. 	Empire Rock Minerals Inc.	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 2, 1981
EIL	Empire Industries Ltd. designs, fabricates, manufactures, erects and sells engineered products. The Company's primary customer sectors include the entertainment industry, natural resource infrastructure, manufacturing, and processing industries, excavation industry, and the government sector. It also provides steel fabrication and installation services to industrial and infrastructure markets, primarily in western Canada. Its segments include: Media-based Attractions, Manufactured Products and Steel Fabrication Services. The Media-based Attractions segment includes design and manufacture complex ride systems, telescopes and custom machinery. The Manufactured Products segment manufactures Hydrovac trucks for excavation service providers to the oil and gas industry and the municipal market. The Fabrication Services segment provides structural steel fabrication and installation. It offers fabrication of tanks, pressure vessels and other specialty carbon and stainless steel products. 	Empire Industries Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	--	January 18, 2005
EPT	Empower Technologies Corporation is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides telecommunication and information technology (IT) services, Internet of things (IoT), and embedded and image processing technologies. The Company caters to communication, voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) service, television and media, IT, security and surveillance, military, automotive and transportation, healthcare, industrial control and consumer electronics industries. The Company's subsidiaries include Empower Technologies, Inc., Empower Technologies (Canada) Inc. and AIC Global Communications Inc. (AIC). AIC provides retail telecommunications services using Cisco's session initiation protocol (SIP) phones and devices. AIC also provides services, such as Internet protocol private branch exchange (IP PBX) features, call center services, calling card platform, types of authorization to end users and corporate clients. 	Empower Technologies Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	17	February 21, 2003
ENA	Enablence Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company. The Company designs, manufactures and sells optical components and subsystems markets to a global customer base. The Companys product lines address all three segments of optical networks: access, connecting homes and businesses to the network; metro, communication rings within large cities; and long-haul, linking cities, countries and continents. The Company operates a planar lightwave circuit foundry which produces both silica-on-Si PLC and polymer PLC chips. Silica-based PLC products are used for DWDM filters and passive optical splitters. The polymer PLC platform is used for optical switch and variable optical attenuator products. The Company has a joint venture subsidiary in China, Sunblence Technologies, for mass production of PLC splitter chips for Fiber-to-the-Home markets. The Company offers custom design and fabrication services to develop PLCs for sensor, aerospace and research applications. 	Enablence Technologies Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	202	July 24, 2006
EU	enCore Energy Corp., formerly Wolfpack Gold Corp., is a mineral exploration company. The Company is principally engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties in the United States. The Company's projects include Crownpoint & Hosta Butte, Nexgen Energy, Mckinley, Treeline, 35-75, Coal Hill, Wild Buck And Turnercrest. The Crownpoint and Hosta Butte uranium project area covers over 3,020 acres located in the Grants Uranium Belt, New Mexico. The McKinley Properties include approximately 210 sections or partial sections within 17 townships. The Treeline Property consists of a mining lease and certain unpatented mining claims covering approximately 2,000 acres and is located approximately 115 miles west-northwest of Albuquerque, in McKinley and Cibola Counties, Grants Uranium District, New Mexico. The Wild Buck Property consists of 18 mineral claims covering approximately 370 acres and is in Converse County, Wyoming. 	enCore Energy Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 30, 2009
EPO	Encanto Potash Corp is a Canada-based exploration and mine development company. The Company is focused on potash properties in the Province of Saskatchewan. The Company is primarily focused on the development of its flagship property, the Muskowekwan First Nation Project (MFN Project). The Company is working on a feasibility study on the MFN Project. In addition to its flagship property, the Company holds an interest in two other potash properties in Saskatchewan: the Ochapowace and Chacachas First Nation Property, and the Spar Property, in which it holds around 20% and 100% interest, respectively. The MFN Project comprises an area of approximately 61,114 acres. The MFN Project's reserve lands contain potash resources. The Ochapowace and Chacachas First Nation properties are located in Saskatchewan, to the east of Regina, and comprise a total area of approximately 50,000 acres. It holds a 100% interest in the Spar Property, which consists of one mineral claim, the KP441 claim. 	Encanto Potash Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	1	1986
ENW	EnWave Corporation is a Canada-based industrial technology company. The Company licenses, builds and installs commercial-scale dehydration platforms for applications in the food, pharmaceutical and industrial sectors to manufacturing companies. The Company's segments are EnWave and EnWave USA. The Company's principal business is the design, construction, marketing and sales of microwave-vacuum food and biomaterial dehydration machines that utilize dehydration technologies developed by it. The Company's Radiant Energy Vacuum (REV) dehydration platforms apply microwave energy under vacuum to offer low temperature processing suitable for food products and biomaterials. The Company's commercial scale technologies include nutraREV, powderREV and quantaREV, and its technology in the pilot-scale stage is freezeREV. It also holds interests in NutraDried LLP, which manufactures and sells Moon Cheese, an allnatural dried cheese snack produced using REV technology. 	EnWave Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	July 14, 1999
EDG	Endurance Gold Corporation (Endurance) is a Canada-based company that explores and develops mineral properties in North America. The Company's properties are in the exploration stage. Its properties include Pardo Gold Joint Venture, Ontario, in which it holds 35.5% joint venture (JV) interest; Elephant Mountain Gold Property, located in the Rampart and the Manley Hot Springs placer gold mining district; Rattlesnake-Natrona Gold Project, in which, Endurance through its subsidiary, Endurance Resources Inc., owns 100% interests; Bandito Property, Yukon, Canada, a 100% owned project, which consists of 257 claims covering around 5,400 hectares, and McCord Gold Property, a 100% owned project, which consists of 41 Alaska State mineral claims located in the Fairbanks Mining District. Its other properties in Canada include Fuego Property, Yukon (100% interest), Flint Lake (Dogpaw) JV Gold Project, Ontario (22% JV interest) and Nechako Gold Property, British Columbia (76% JV interest). 	Endurance Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 16, 2004
EHT	Enerdynamic Hybrid Technologies Corp., formerly MCM Capital One Inc, is a Canada-based company that delivers energy solutions. The Company delivers clean and renewable energy solutions having easy deployment and customization options The Company offers the ability to combine and integrate solar energy, wind energy and battery storage technology in a modular and customized solution. The Company operates in three segments; For Home, For Business and For Government. The Company in its Business and Government segment offers Micro-utility scale and commercial scale solutions. The Companys products are branded under EnerCube, EnerPole, EnerCom and EnerSmart. 	Enerdynamic Hybrid Technologies Corp	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	--	April 28, 2010
EGD	Energold Drilling Corp. provides drilling services for parties principally in North America, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, South America, Africa and Asia. The Company designs and manufactures specialty/customized drilling rigs and associated equipment for water well, mineral exploration and geotechnical drilling companies. The Company also provides drilling and other services to the energy sector in Canada, the United States and South America. The Company has three segments: Minerals, Manufacturing and Energy with operations in mineral exploration, energy exploration and equipment manufacturing. Energold holds mineral exploration properties in the Dominican Republic and Mexico, through IMPACT Silver Corp. The Company's energy exploration involves the business operations of Bertram Drilling Corp. The Company's Manufacturing involves the business operations of Dando Drilling International Ltd. 	Energold Drilling Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	--	April 3, 1973
ENG	EnerGulf Resources Inc is Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company focuses on the selection, acquisition and exploration of hydrocarbon properties across the world. It holds exploration oil and gas interests in projects in the Republic of Namibia and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Its projects include Block 1711, which is located in the Namibe basin off the northern coast of Namibia, and covers approximately 8,891 square kilometers, with around nine independent prospective hydrocarbon prospects, and Lotshi Block, which is located in the onshore coastal salt basin of western Democratic Republic of Congo, and covers an area of approximately 507 square kilometers of the Les Zones du Bassin C'tier (ZBC) with around seven independent prospective hydrocarbon prospects. Its subsidiaries include EnerGulf Corporation, EnerGulf Namibia Ltd, EnerGulf Africa Ltd, EnerGulf DRC Ltd, Columbus Copper Corporation and EnerGulf Congo SARL. 	EnerGulf Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 30, 1981
EOR	Enhanced Oil Resources Inc. is engaged in the acquisition, development, operation and exploitation of crude oil and gas properties, including enhanced oil recovery projects, in the Permian Basin in eastern New Mexico. The Companys operations are Full Cycle Development, Crossroads, Milnesand and Chaveroo. The Full Cycle Development is carried out in three phases. Phase I-Horizontal infill drilling, Phase II- Reservoir Re-pressurization and Phase III- CO2 Flood. The Company, through its subsidiary EOR Operating Company, owns and operates a 100% interest in the 4,880 acre Milnesand San Andres Unit and a 100% interest in the adjacent 1,800 acre Horton Federal lease. The Company, through its subsidiary Ridgeway Arizona Oil Corp., owns and operates a 99% interest in approximately 14,000 acres of San Andres units and leases within the 25,000 acre Chaveroo Field. 	Enhanced Oil Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	19	February 22, 1980
EWS	Environmental Waste International Inc. develops products for waste treatment and disposal. The Company's focus is on recycling waste rubber into by products, which can then be reused to manufacture virgin rubber products. The Company researches, designs, develops, sells and maintains technologically advanced products based on the patented Reverse Polymerization Process (RP) and delivery system. It is focused on the design and commercialization of its technology for the recycling and recapture of used tires and other rubber waste. The Company's RP process breaks the molecular bonds in a tire and other rubber products, reducing them to their base components: carbon black, oil, steel and hydrocarbon vapors. The off-gas system processes the vapors to recover the oil and then treats and scrubs the remaining gas for use as a fuel in the power generation system that runs the plant. 	Environmental Waste International Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	10	September 9, 1985
EBN	Epicore Bionetworks Inc. designs, develops and manufactures biotechnology, biochemical and nutrition products, as well as specialty animal feeds. The Company's segments include Aquaculture, Agriculture and Municipal. Its product lines are based on natural microbes and enzymes, and include applications in aquaculture, agriculture and waste water treatment, bioremediation and cleaning. It offers aquaculture products, including EPICIN-Hatcheries, EPIBAL Granular Hatchery Feeds and EPIZYM-BGM Biological Growth Media; agriculture products, including EPITHATCH Biological Thatch Digester and EPITHERM Microbial Ecosystem; municipal products, including DEOBAC, GREASE-X and LINEBAC; wastewater treatment, including EPIZYM-100 and EPIZYM-200; biological cleaning products, including EPIZYM-DT LIQUID, EPIZYM-DG and EPIZYM-CU, and bioremediation products, including EPIZYM-HC. The Company sells its products in Latin America and Asia from its production facilities in the United States. 	Epicore BioNetworks Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	25	January 9, 1987
EL	Engagement Labs Inc., formerly Partadialogue Inc., is a Canada-based company. The Company offers an integrated social media platform that enables issue management, employee engagement, e-learning and open-innovation with internal and external stakeholders. The Company, through its turnkey solution, the CIMS (collective intelligence management system), assists its international clients develop business advantage by engaging dialogue with their stakeholders. Parta operates three fully owned subsidiaries: Edu-Performance Canada Inc. (www.eduperformance.com), its e-learning unit, Alternative Channel TV Inc., its social marketing unit and Parta Dialogue SAS, its French operating unit. It acquired M Thirty Communications Inc. (M30) and Keller Fay Group. Difference Capital Management Inc, a unit of Difference Capital Inc, acquired a 10.465% interest in Parta Dialogue Inc. It announced that it has completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sense Fab. 	Engagement Labs Inc	Technology	Software	--	December 30, 2013
ENP	ENPAR Technologies Inc., is a Canada-based environmental water treatment company dedicated to the engineering, manufacturing, and sales of advanced systems. The Companys ESD (deionization) and its patented AmmEL (ammonia), and NitrEL (nitrate) technologies are dedicated to contaminant removal and represent effective alternatives to biological, ion exchange, and reverse osmosis systems. AmdEL (acid mine drainage) is dedicated to the prevention of acidic leachate production from sulphide mine waste. For high value metals recovery, ENPAR is currently in the advanced stage of development of the ExtrEL (extraction) product. The Company has developed an array of novel water treatment techniques that deliver results for the challenging problems facing communities, governments, and industries around the globe. 	Enpar Technologies Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	February 15, 1996
EQ	EQ Inc. is a Canada-based provider of mobile, Web, social and video advertising solutions that allow advertisers to target their intended audiences in real-time. The Company is focused on targeted advertising and integrates the advertising technologies, data analytics and programmatic media buying capabilities into a single system. The Company combines programmatic media buying with automated learning, real-time analytics and data-intensive platforms to reach the relevant audiences at the right time, with the right advertisement, on the right device. The Company also engages in other forms of targeted advertising to provide media buying solutions that work together to ensure optimal campaign results, including search engine marketing and optimization and targeted media buys from networks and publishers. It also provides fully integrated digital marketing solutions. 	EQ Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	22	September 20, 1995
EXX	Equitorial Exploration Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the process of pursuing and developing new business ventures. The Company, through its 45%-owned subsidiary, First Nevada Mining Corp., has developed a patent pending mining/extraction process and a new business model for the mining sector. The Company's El Havila Property is situated 115 kilometers northwest of Medellin in the Antioquia Department of Colombia. The El Havila Property is made up of the KJR-09141 concession that covers an area of 3,665.6 hectares (36.7 square kilometers) on the western slope of the Western Cordillera. 	Equitorial Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 21, 2010
EQT	Equitas Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company owns interests in various properties in British Columbia and the Northwest Territories. Its properties include Garland, Nahmint, Tom Gold Mine, Roy, Day, Porcupine, Chilanko, and Sickle, Snow and Bella Gold claims. Its Garland property is located approximately 30 kilometers south-east of the Vale's Voisey's Bay mine in Labrador Canada. The Company's Nahmint Property is located approximately 25 kilometers south of Port Alberni, British Columbia. Its Tom Gold Mine Project includes five mineral claims totaling 650 acres situated approximately 10 kilometers northeast of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories. The Company's Day Property is located in the Toodoggone region of north-central British Columbia. The Company's Chilanko Property located in the Cariboo region of British Columbia. 	Equitas Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 1, 1994
EV	Erin Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based mining and exploration company. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Companys Piskanja project is located in Serbia. Lithology at Piskanja is of sedimentary basins, (shale, marls and limestone) with two primary borate beds. Mineralization is primarily dense, compact colemanite with some ulexite. Erin Ventures has filed a National Instrument 43-101 compliant Technical Report and Maiden Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) for the Piskanja boron deposit. The MRE reports an Indicated Mineral Resource totaling 5,600,000 tons with an average B2O3 content of 30.80%, and an additional Inferred Mineral Resource of 6,200,000 tons with an average B2O3 content of 28.80%. Its Deep River Gold Project is located in central North Carolina. 	Erin Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6	July 19, 1993
ERC	nul	Eros Resources Corp			--	
ESK	Eskay Mining Corp. (Eskay) is a Canada-based natural resource company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in British Columbia, Canada. The Company's project is St. Andrew Goldfield (SIB)-Eskay Project and it also consists of Corey Mineral Claims. The Company owns a 100% interest in mineral tenures located in the Skeena Mining Division, Province of British Columbia. These mineral properties are located in northwestern British Columbia, approximately 70 kilometers northwest of Stewart. It has discovered multiple metals, which include gold, silver, zinc, nickel, cobalt and platinum-group metals (PGM). The Company has not generated revenues from its operations. 	Eskay Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	1994
ERG	Ergoresearch Ltd is a Canada-based investment portfolio Company. The Company is engaged in the field of healthcare. The Company designs and manufactures cutting edge technologies for the orthopedic industry. The Company holds a portfolio of patents in the bionics field, including the intellectual property used in the Power Knee. The Company designed and commercialized WebFit, the robotized custom-fit orthotics manufacturing software program and launched OdrA, a new category of orthotic that, with the action of its distraction-rotation action, revolutionizes the treatment of pain associated with knee osteoarthritis. The Companys products include OdrA Worldwide Patented Distraction Orthotic, Custom Fit 3D Foot Orthotics, Mass Production of Custom Fit Orthotics, Podo-Barometric Sensor Pads & scanners, Motor-powered prosthesis Power Knee, 3D scanners and Numerical Control Machine Tools. 	Ergoresearch Ltd	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	August 21, 2001
EXC	Essex Angel Capital Inc. is a Canada-based investment company. The Company seeks to build a portfolio of investments, with a view to participating in income and capital growth from the sale or other disposal of those investments. 	Essex Angel Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	February 10, 2010
EEL	Esrey Energy Ltd. (Esrey) is a Canada-based exploration and development company focused on developing oil and gas reserves in Papua New Guinea, Poland, Bulgaria and the United States. In Papua New Guinea, Esrey holds an approximately 16.85% net interest in PPL 319, an approximately 84.25% interest in three additional PPLs in northern Papua New Guinea (which collectively cover approximately 5 million gross acres) and approximately 20% net interest in PRL 13 (which covers approximately 42,000 gross acres). In Poland, Esrey holds approximately 1.1 million gross acres in five separate concessions, including a 20% net interest in approximately 734,000 gross acres of prospective shales with Saponis Investment sp zoo's shale gas exploration project, consisting of three concessions. In the United States, Esrey holds a 100% working interest (80% net revenue interest) in approximately 7,300 net mineral acres of oil and gas leases in Daniels and Sheridan Counties located in north east Montana. 	Esrey Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 24, 2000
EQG	eQube Gaming Limited, formerly Triox Limited, together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the design, development, distribution, licensing and sale of technology-based electronic bingo and social gaming solutions for regulated gaming markets in Canada, the United States and Ireland. The Company's electronic bingo solutions are server-based and include a multi-gaming software platform, tablet and fixed base hardware devices and a central control system module that protects the financial integrity of a jurisdiction's gaming operations by tracking gaming revenue and other data to enable gaming center operators to meet strict regulatory reporting requirements. The Company earns revenues from the sale and lease of software and hardware, service and support and installations. The Company's subsidiaries include eQube Technology and Software Inc., eQube Technology and Software (UK) Limited, eQube International Inc. and e3 Gaming Limited. 	eQube Gaming Ltd	Technology	Software	--	October 24, 2014
ESS	Esstra Industries Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of managing a portfolio of investments and earning income from these investments. The Company's operations include investment in marketable securities, real estate ventures, real estate development. In addition, it is engaged in the provision of consulting and office services. Under the Company's real estate development, the Company is reviewing one development project in the Vancouver area. The Company holds approximately $1,700 in the United States dollar investments. The Company operates in the investment sector primarily in Canada. 412688 B.C. Ltd. is the subsidiary of the Company. 	Esstra Industries Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	September 6, 1996
EMX	Eurasian Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based company principally in the business of exploring for metals and minerals properties. The Companys exploration portfolio mainly consists of properties in North America, Turkey, Europe, Haiti, Australia and New Zealand. The Company holds multiple mineral property interests in Turkeys Western Anatolia and Eastern Pontides mineral belts. Its properties include bulk tonnage gold, gold-silver vein and porphyry gold-copper targets. The Company's properties are Akarca Property, Sisorta Property, Balya Royalty Property, Golcuk copper-silver property, Trab-23 property and Alankoy gold-copper property, among others. The Company operates as a royalty and prospect generator. It acquires and advances early-stage mineral exploration projects and then forms partnerships with other parties. Through its various agreements, it also provides technical and commercial assistance to partner companies as the projects are advanced. 	Eurasian Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	43	September 21, 2004
EUK	Eureka Resources Inc is a Canada-based Company focused on exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company maintains the rights to the Frasergold claim in B.C.'s Cariboo area. It has held approximately 2,866 hectare Frasergold property and controls 18 underlying claims. The property is located 100 kilometers east of Williams Lake and is easily accessible by gravel road. 	Eureka Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	June 16, 1981
EEN	Estrella International Energy Services Ltda is an Argentina-based company engaged in the oil and natural gas industry. It is a geothermal and mining service company with operations throughout Latin America. It provides conventional drilling services; directional drilling services; tools and equipment sales and rentals; work-over services; and consulting and engineering services. The Company has various operating locations in Latin and South America. It provides a variety of services, rental tools, and equipment sales to support both drilling and completion operations. Its rental tools include stabilizers, monels, X-overs, bit subs, roller reamers, down hole motors, and jars and shock subs. The Company completed the acquisition of San Antonio Internacional Co. Inc. (SAIC). 	Estrella International Energy Services Ltda	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	--	July 11, 2011
EUO	Eurocontrol Technics Group Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides detection and marking systems across the world. The Company's subsidiaries include Global Fluids International S.A. (GFI), Xenemetrix Ltd. (Xenemetrix) and XwinSys Technology Development Ltd. (XwinSys). GFI and Xenemetrix are engaged in developing and implementing molecular marking systems for the oil industry and XwinSys is a development stage company. GFI's liquid authentication system, PetromarkTM, is a solution for integrated oil marking, mixing and detection. Xenemetrix is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of energydispersive x-ray fluorescence (ED-XRF) systems. XwinSys is engaged in developing technology and intellectual property that combines two dimensional (2D) and three dimensional (3D) image processing technology from Brossh Inspection Systems Ltd. of Israel with Xenemetrix's ED-XRF technology for application in the semi-conductor manufacturing process. 	Eurocontrol Technics Group Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	0	October 11, 2006
EOX	Euromax Resources Ltd is a gold and base metal mining company. The Company operates in two sectors in the mining industry: The exploration and development of mineral right interests, and the provision of exploration and evaluation services. The Company has two gold and base metal properties located in Macedonia and Serbia. The Company's segments include Macedonia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Exploration Services and Corporate. The Ilovitza Gold Copper Project (Macedonia) is a gold copper porphyry deposit associated with typical porphyry alteration, located 18 kilometers from the town of Strumica. The Karavansalija Mineralised Complex (KMC) Copper Gold Project (Serbia) is located in south-west Serbia, some 200 kilometers from the capital Belgrade. The Company operates an exploration services company named Euromax Exploration Services Ltd. in Bulgaria. 	Euromax Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 6, 2004
EUU	European Uranium Resources Ltd. (EUU) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is a uranium exploration and development company. The Company has a portfolio of projects in Slovakia. EUU holds a mining license in Novoveska Huta in Slovakia. The Novoveska Huta uranium deposit is located at the western end of the Carpathian uranium belt, approximately 50 kilometers northwest of Kuriskova and near the town of Spisska Nova Ves. EUU's Slovak subsidiaries include Ludovika Energy s.r.o. and Ludovika Mining s.r.o. 	European Uranium Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	19	March 27, 2008
TIN	Eurotin Inc. (Eurotin) is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company focuses on the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties in Spain. Eurotin's mineral properties include Oropesa tin property and Santa Maria. The Oropesa tin property is located in Spain within the North East part of the Region of Andalucia and totals 23.4 square kilometers. The Santa Maria property is located approximately 50 kilometers north of Caceres in Extremadura Province in West Central Spain. The Santa Maria Property consists of Investigation Permit Ampliacion Retamar n 10.220 and Investigation Permit Retamar n 10.201 (IP Santa Maria). The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Minas De Estano De Espana, S.L.U. 	Eurotin Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 31, 2008
ECC	Ethos Capital Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities are the identification, exploration and development of economically viable mineral properties. Its White Gold property is surrounded by Western Copper's advanced Casino copper-gold project. The Company's operations are primarily directed towards searching for mineral properties to acquire and develop. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Ethos Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 12, 2007
ESE	nul	ESTec Systems Corp			--	
EXO	EXO U Inc., formerly Aumento Capital III Corporation, is a Canada-based enterprise software company. The Company develops a software platform which enables businesses and educational institutions to securely mobilize and manage their mobile workforce and students by delivering engaging experiences spanning desktop and mobile applications. 	EXO U Inc	Technology	Software	--	August 1, 2013
EET	Everest Ventures Inc, formerly TAD Mineral Exploration Inc., is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties located in Canada. The Company's mineral properties include Hazelton Property, British Columbia; Constance Lake Hydrothermal Graphite Prospect, Ontario; Athabasca North Uranium Property, Saskatchewan, and Wollaston Lake Uranium Property, Saskatchewan. The Company's claims in Hazelton Property consist of claim blocks, including the American Boy/Mohawk claims, the Sunrise/Silver Cup claims and the Sidina claims. The Company's Sidina claims are located approximately five kilometers north of the Sunrise/Silver Cup claims. The Company has interests in approximately 4,500 hectares of land prospective for uranium in the Athabasca Basin in Saskatchewan. 	Everest Ventures Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 23, 2007
TNA	nul	Evergreen Gaming Corp			--	
EVR	Everton Resources Inc. (Everton) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a mineral exploration and development company. Everton is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, primarily in the Dominican Republic. The Company's APV concession, which includes the La Lechoza prospect, is adjacent to the left and northern edge of the Pueblo Viejo Mine and covers approximately 2,938 hectares. Everton holds an undivided interest in the Ponton (Loma Hueca) concession and an interest in the Pun exploration concession. Everton holds an undivided interest in the La Cueva (Loma El Mate) Project, located in the Dominican Republic, which is contiguous to the southeast corner of the Pueblo Viejo Gold Mine concession. The Company also holds interests in three gold and base metals concessions, Cuance, Los Hojanchos, and Loma de Payabo concessions, located in the Central Cordillera of the Dominican Republic within the Maimon Copper and Los Ranchos Formations. 	Everton Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 19, 2004
EVM	Evrim Resources Corp. is a mineral exploration company with a diverse portfolio of copper, gold and silver exploration projects, and a geological database covering Mexico and portions of southwestern United States. The Company has an agreement with SilverCrest Mines Inc. (SilverCrest) whereby SilverCrest can acquire a 100% interest in the Company's Ermitano (Ermitano) property in Sonora, Mexico, adjacent to SilverCrest's mining operations at Santa Elena. Ermitano is an epithermal gold-silver project, consisting of two claims covering 16,527 hectares. The Company also has an agreement with SilverCrest whereby SilverCrest can acquire a 100% interest in the Company's Cumobabi (Cumobabi) property in Sonora, Mexico, 25 kilometers southeast of SilverCrest's mine operations at Santa Elena. Cumobabi hosts a porphyry and breccia copper-molybdenum-silver target that is also prospective for epithermal gold-silver mineralization. It consists of eight claims covering 13,716 hectares. 	Evrim Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 11, 2005
EXG	ExGen Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of copper-gold mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The Company's United States properties include Boss Property, Buena Vista Property and Empire Mine. Its Canadian properties include Gordon Lake Property, DOK Property and East Breccia Property. It holds 100% interest in the Boss property, which includes around two lease agreements with patented claim owners, as well as approximately 192 unpatented mineral claims. The Company also owns 100% interest in the Buena Vista Property. It has entered into an option agreement to acquire 100% interest in the Empire Mine. The Company has entered into an agreement to acquire 90-100% interest in the Gordon Lake gold property. The DOK property is a copper-gold porphyry property in northern British Columbia, Canada. It owns 100% interest in the East Breccia property located in South Central Ontario. 	ExGen Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	May 9, 1996
XI	Exclamation Investments Corporation (Exclamation Investments) is an investment company. The Company develops and manages a portfolio consisting of debt and equity investments of selected businesses with products, in both private and public issuers. As of September 30, 2011, it incorporated 7961669 Canada Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Exclamation Investments, and One Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Exclamation Creations Corporation (Creations). During the year ended December 31, 2011, its investments included The Chrysalis Capital Group, One Inc., Advantex Marketing International Inc., EnsSolutions Group Inc., Green Loans - Windmill Developments, Chrysalis Capital VIII Corporation. On September 30, 2011, it acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Creations. 	Exclamation Investments Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 1, 2012
EXI.P	Exito Energy II Inc. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Corporation will be to identify and evaluate specific assets or entire businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction approved by the exchange in accordance with the CPC Policy. The Qualifying Transaction may involve the acquisition of a business or assets located outside of Canada. The Company has not commenced commercial operations and has no assets. 	Exito Energy II Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 11, 2010
MIN	Excelsior Mining Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is conducting exploration and evaluation activities related to the Gunnison Copper Project. The Gunnison Copper Project is located within the copper porphyry belt of Arizona, approximately 65 miles southeast of Tucson and over a mile southeast of the Johnson Camp Copper Mine. The Property is located near the I-10 freeway and covers approximately 6,405 acres. It operates a metallurgical drill program at the Gunnison Project. The program consists of approximately ten diamond-drill holes totaling over 5,899 feet of diamond drilling. The Johnson Camp Mine is located adjacent to the Company's Gunnison Copper Project. Its Johnson Camp Mine property consists of approximately 59 patented lode mining claims, approximately 117 unpatented lode mining claims and fee simple lands. Its Solvent-Extraction-Electrowinning plant has an annual capacity of approximately 25 million pounds of copper cathode. 	Excelsior Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 9, 2005
EXS	Explor Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company that holds properties in Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick. The Company's properties in Ontario include Eastford Lake, PG 101, Carnegie, Golden Harker, Timmins Porcupine West, Kidd Township and Ogden. Its properties in Quebec include Launay, East Bay and Destor. Its properties in New Brunswick include Chester. Its Chester Property consists of approximately 39 contiguous mining additional units located in New Brunswick. The East Bay Property is located in the western central part of Duparquet Township, Quebec. The Carnegie Property is located approximately 20 kilometers north of the city of Timmins, Ontario. The Eastford Lake Property is located in the Rayner Lake area, approximately 100 kilometers to the west of the city of Timmins, Ontario. The Kidd Township Property covers an area of approximately 2,611 hectares in Ontario. The Ogden Property is located on the east side of the Timmins Porcupine West Property. 	Explor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 16, 1990
EYC	Eyecarrot Innovations Corp., formerly Nanton Nickel Corp. (Nanton), is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is focused on technology sector. The Company anticipates that it will seek to enter into strategic alliances, distribution agreements or other arrangements with third parties to market any products or services the Company develops. 	Eyecarrot Innovations Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	September 7, 2011
FCF	FCF Capital Inc, fomerly Brilliant Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring mineral rights. The Company's Canadian operations include its Michikamau Project and Labrador Projects. The Michikamau Property is situated within the Michikamau layered gabbro-anorthosite (troctolite) intrusion. The Company's Western Labrador projects include Ni-Cu-PGE deposits at Sudbury, Ontario; Thompson, Manitoba, and Raglan, Quebec. 	FCF Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 1, 1998
FBF	Fab-Form Industries Ltd. is a Canada-based company which develops, manufactures and distributes proprietary technology to form concrete footings, columns, foundations and walls for building structures. The Company also exclusively distributes Helix micro rebar into the British Columbia market and Nudura insulating concrete form into the Lower Mainland market. The Company's products include Fastfoot footing forms, Fastfoot commercial forms, Fast-Tube Colum Forms, Fab-Form ICF Monopour and ICF Zont Bracing. Fastfoot is a green replacement of lumber and plywood for forming concrete footings. Fast-Tube is a soft fabric column form for forming round concrete columns. The monopour system uses the ICF block itself to form the footing. 	Fab-Form Industries Ltd	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	June 13, 1995
FMR	Fairmont Resources Inc. (Fairmont) is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of three iron-titanium-vanadium properties. The Company's properties include the Buttercup Property, Lac Elan Property and Hearth Property. The Company's properties are located in south central Quebec, which is located to the north of Quebec City. Its Quebec properties have titaniferous magnetite with vanadium. The Company has interests in Lac Elan Property, which covers an area of approximately 388 square kilometers, located near Saguenay, Quebec. The Company has entered into a mineral property purchase agreement to acquire around 100% interest in Buttercup Property, which holds around 25 claims, located near Saguenay, Quebec. It has also entered into an agreement to acquire around 100% interest in the Lac Bouchette Quartz Property, which covers an area of approximately 435 hectare. It has an option on a quartz property, Lac Bouchette, which is located in the south central Quebec. 	Fairmont Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 25, 2007
FPC	Falco Resources Ltd., formerly Falco Pacific Resource Group Inc., is a junior resource exploration company. The Company is a claim holder in the Province of Quebec, with land holdings in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt. It owns approximately 72,800 hectares of land in the Rouyn-Noranda mining camp, including around 13 former gold and base metal mine sites. Its principal property is the Horne Mine Complex, which hosts several former producers, including the Horne Mine. The Company owns Horne 5 Deposit and incorporates additional data into the digital model in an area surrounding the Horne 5 Deposit known as the Horne Mine Complex. The Horne 5 deposit is a sulfide body of volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) affinity that physically underlays the Horne copper-gold mine. Horne Mine Complex includes the areas adjacent to the Horne, Remnor, Quemont, Joliet and Chadbourne mines, and exploration targets within the Horne area, including Horne West, Zone AM, Zone C, Zone R and Gatehouse. 	Falco Resources Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 16, 2010
FO	Falcon Oil & Gas Ltd. is an international oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of unconventional and conventional oil and gas assets. Its principal interests are located in two under explored basins in Australia, South Africa and in Hungary. The Company's principal oil and gas interests include Exploration Permit EP-76 (Beetaloo Basin, Northern Territory, Australia) covering a gross area of around 1,891.3 square kilometers; Exploration Permit EP-98 (Beetaloo Basin, Northern Territory, Australia) covering a gross area of around 10,316.0 square kilometers; Exploration Permit EP-117 (Beetaloo Basin, Northern Territory, Australia) covering a gross area of around 6,412.0 square kilometers; Technical Cooperation Permit, (Karoo Basin, South Africa) covering a gross area of around 30,327.9 square kilometers, and Mako Production License (Mako Trough, Hungary) covering a gross area of around 994.6 square kilometers. 	Falcon Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	16	January 18, 1980
FAM	Family Memorials Inc. is a Canada-based company operating in the death care industry retailing monuments and memorials through its wholly owned subsidiaries and with agency and sales agreements with funeral homes. The Company operates in western Canada and southern Ontario. The Ontario operations consist of Grajack Industries Ltd., R.H. Verduyn Granite Corporation Ltd., Barber Monuments Limited, Stratford Memorials Ltd. and imonument software operations. The Western Canada operations consist of Somerville Memorials Ltd. and Remco Memorials Ltd. 	Family Memorials Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	January 1, 2015
FG	Falcon Gold Corp. is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Companys properties include Burton Property, New York Canyon Property and Washington Silver Property. The Burton Property is located in the Swayze Greenstone Belt, Northeastern Ontario, approximately 150 kilometers south of Timmins and 180 kilometers north of Sudbury. The New York Canyon Copper property is located in western Nevada and consists of 21 patented claims covering approximately 420 acres (approximately 170 hectares) and approximately 190 unpatented claims covering an area of approximately 3,800 acres (approximately 1,520 hectares). The Property is located within the Walker Lane Structural Belt which extends in a northwest-southeast direction over approximately 670 kilometers through western Nevada, California, and Arizona. The Washington Silver Bell property encompasses approximately 880 acres and is located in the Republic Mining District in north eastern Washington State. 	Falcon Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 24, 2006
FAM.DB	nul	Family Memorials Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	
FNC	Fancamp Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company has an inventory of resource projects covering more than 1,713 square kilometers in three provinces at various stages of development, which include various commodities, such as hematite magnetite iron formations, titaniferous magnetite and hematite, nickel/copper/platinum group metals (PGM), chromite, volcanogenic massive sulfides and gold. The Company owns interests in mineral properties in the Provinces of Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick, Canada and a metals mining lease in the state of Maine, the United States. The Company has an ownership interest in various claims in the Province of Quebec, including the Abitibi Group, Beauce, Bornite Hill, Bruno Hill, Chapais, Clinton, Fortet Troilus, Gaspe Bay Group, Inverness, Kinross, Noranda, Phoenix, Portage Lake, Stoke Mountain and Transterre properties. It owns interest in four McFaulds Fancamp claims, which are located in the Province of Ontario. 	Fancamp Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 16, 1986
FAS	Fantasy Aces Daily Fantasy Sports Corp, formerly Draftteam Daily Fantasy Sports Corp and Sabre Graphite Corp, is a Canada-based company that is focused on everyday skill-based fantasy sports games. The Company has developed a software, which allows users to create fantasy teams from the player rosters of actual sports leagues and then use their teams to compete against other users in various categories, such as points scored, yards gained, goals, assists or home runs registered, depending on the specific sport. The FantasyAces.com Website offers daily and weekly skill-based fantasy sports games for six North American sports, namely, the National Football League (NFL), National Basketball Association (NBA), National Hockey League (NHL), Major League Baseball (MLB), College Football and the Professional Golfers' Association (PGA). It also offers various entry fee contest options for its members to play. The Company charges a management fee from all entry fees collected on the Website. 	Fantasy Aces Daily Fantasy Sports Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	1	June 17, 1998
FRN.DB	nul	Feronia Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	--	
FRN	Feronia Inc. is a Canada-based company that operates through its subsidiaries in the business of agriculture, producing rice, palm oil and palm kernel oil in the Democratic Republic of Congo (the DRC). The Company operates through two business segments: Oil Palm Plantations (Palm Oil) and Arable. The Palm Oil segment includes oil palm plantations. The Arable segment includes arable farming operations. The oil palm products include crude palm oil, palm kernel oil and palm kernel expeller. The arable farming products include rice, edible beans and other crops in the DRC. The Company's direct subsidiaries include Feronia CI Inc. and Plantations Et Huileries du Congo sa. 	Feronia Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	3630	July 30, 2008
FLX	Fieldex Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties with prospects for hosting base metals and strategic metals (rare earth elements and rare metals) deposits. The Company is active in Canada and holds a portfolio of mineral properties. Its properties include Lac Sairs (100%), Gaboury (100%) and Railroad (100%). The Gaboury property is situated within the Ville-Marie-Belleterre archean volcano- sedimentary Belt, south of the Abitibi Greenstone Belt. The Company owns around 50% interest in the Copper Point property. The Copper Point project is located in the north-east part of the Boisvert intrusion. 	Fieldex Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 29, 1985
FYL	Finlay Minerals Ltd. (FYL) is focused on the exploration for base and metal deposits in northern British Columbia. The Company is focused on the exploration for gold-rich copper porphyry, epithermal gold and mesothermal silver-copper targets in northern British Columbia, Canada. The company's properties are Atty, Pil and Gold Properties in the Toodoggone region of British Columbia and Silver Hope Property in Houston. The Atty property is located 30 kilometers south southeast of Finlay's Pil property. The Pil property covers 15,983 hectares (160 square kilometers), which is located 39 kilometers north northwest of Northgate Mineral's Kemess copper-gold mine. The Gold property is located to the west of the Pil Property. 	Finlay Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
FIX	Firebird Resources Inc. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is in the process of exploring its mineral properties located in Canada and the United States. The Company focuses on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. It is focused on three gold prospects in South Carolina, all in close proximity to the historic gold-producing Brewer Mine. Its projects include Buzzard Project, Jefferson Project and Belk Project. Its Buzzard Project is located in Lancaster County, South Carolina approximately two miles South West of the Brewer Mine and over six miles North East of the Haile Mine. It was granted an option to acquire interest in two claims in the Turnbull area of Ontario. It signed a property option agreement to acquire interest in Mountain of Gold property. It was granted an option to acquire interest in mineral claims in South Carolina. It has not generated any revenues from its operations. 	Firebird Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 4, 2009
FTR	Firesteel Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious and base metal properties in Canada and stable jurisdictions around the world. The Company has two properties in British Columbia: ROK Coyote property and Star Property. The Star Property is a copper gold project located in northwestern British Columbia. The Star Property consists of around 19 contiguous mineral tenures totaling approximately 6,830 hectares, which are 100% owned by the Company. The Company's ROK-Coyote Property is situated in the Stikine Arch region of north-western British Columbia. The ROK-Coyote Property covers a copper-gold porphyry focus and consists of around 19 contiguous claims covering approximately 6,800 hectares. The Company also holds Poker Property, which is located in north-western British Columbia. 	Firesteel Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 14, 1992
FV	Firestone Ventures Inc. (Firestone) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring zinc, silver and lead in certain property interests in Guatemala. Firestone's mineral properties include Torlon Hill Zinc-Lead-Silver project and other properties in Guatemala. The Company's Torlon Hill Zinc-Lead-Silver project is located in Guatemala. The project consists of the Torlon Hill, which is owned by the Company. The Company's other properties in Guatemala include Quetzal project, La Luna project and Rome project. The Quetzal project is located in the Coban zinc-lead-silver belt. The La Luna project is located on the San Joaquin concession, 80 kilometers north of Guatemala City. The Rome project is located on the Nova concession in central Guatemala near the city of Coban. 	Firestone Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	
FSW	Fireswirl Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based software development and project management company specializing in payment platforms and online gaming software for the Internet. The Company is focused on conducting e-commerce, including operating official online stores for international brands in China and reselling branded products on these online stores, and technology development and deployment. The Company's e-Commerce Platform also provides an integrated view to the brand owner to manage all Internet sales channels within a single online console. It also captures non-customer specific shop browsing and product ordering actions to analyze the behavior of Chinese consumers based on a range of criteria, such as gender, age group, income level, interest and geographic region. The Company, together with its subsidiary Beijing Xingchang Xinda Technology Development Co., Ltd., operates the branded official online store or the Tmall Flagship Store for international brands in China. 	Fireswirl Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	0	September 1, 2006
FBX	First Bauxite Corporation is a Canada-based natural resources company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquiring, exploring, evaluating and developing of mineral property interests in Guyana, South America. The Company's operations are located in three geographical segments: Canada, the United States and Guyana. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Bauxite Corporation of Guyana, Bonasika Ltd, Guyana Industrial Minerals Incorporated and First Bauxite (US) Inc. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Guyana Industrial Minerals, holds mineral titles in Guyana, which include Bonasika Mining License and Tarakuli-Canje Permission for Geological and Geophysical Survey. 	First Bauxite Corp	Basic Materials	Aluminum	--	July 8, 2003
FGD	First Global Data Limited is an international payment company. The Company is engaged in financial services technology and consumer-to-consumer money transfer services, which are provided under the FirstGlobalMoney brand. The Companys customers are the senders of money. Its primary customers are expatriates and migrant workers in Canada and the United States who send money to their countries of origin and these money transfers are known as remittances. The Company accepts funds primarily from customers in Canada and the United States. These funds are accepted at storefronts (in the form of cash or through point of sale devices (POS)) and online through electronic funds transfer and checking services. The Companys technology platform is an account based system, which enables all customers to have an account with the Company. 	First Global Data Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 7, 2011
FGH	First Growth is a Canadian-based company that identifies and develops brands in the Canadian and international markets. The Company is engaged in the business of distribution, marketing, and sale of grape wine products in Ontario and Alberta. WineOnline is the Companys brand, which through its Website WineOnline.ca, allows customers to shop for wines that are not readily available in most stores, and have the wine delivered to home or office in Alberta and Ontario locations. At WineOnline.ca wine and wine accessories can be ordered online or by phone and the orders can be tracked. The Companys wholly owned subsidiaries include WineOnline Alberta Ltd. and WineOnline Silva Bay Services Ltd. 	First Growth Holdings Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	January 25, 2011
FCD.UN	Firm Capital Property Trust (Trust) is a Canada-based company. The Company is focused on creating long-term value for unitholders through capital preservation and disciplined investing to achieve stable distributable income. It also focuses on co-owning a diversified property portfolio, which includes multi-residential, industrial, net lease convenience retail and core service provider professional space. Capital Realty Partners Inc., through a structure focused on an alignment of financial interest with the Trust is responsible for sourcing, syndicating and participating in investments. The Company's assets and property is managed by Firm Capital Realty Partners Inc. and Firm Capital Properties Inc. Effective June 25, 2014, Firm Capital Property Trust acquired a 70% interest in an undisclosed 27 retail property portfolio located in Canada. 	Firm Capital Property Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	August 30, 2012
FLY	FLYHT Aerospace Solutions Ltd. is a Canada-based designer, developer and service provider of solutions to the global aerospace industry. The Company's tools deliver data and voice communication between the aircraft and operations groups on the ground. The Company's products are available for commercial, business and military aircraft. The Company's triggered data streaming program, FLYHTStream, streams position reports and data from an aircraft in flight to ground support in real time. Its Automated Flight Information Reporting System (AFIRS) is a device installed on aircraft that monitors hundreds of essential functions from the aircraft and the black box. Its FLYHTSafe application provides real-time operational safety alerts from AFIRS. Its FLYHTFollow application integrates real-time flight following, routine aircraft notifications, aircraft health exceedance alerts and the ability to send text messages immediately to the aircraft. 	FLYHT Aerospace Solutions Ltd	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	--	February 10, 2003
FI	nul	First Idaho Resources Inc			--	
FMG	First Mexican Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties through its wholly owned subsidiary, Cornelius Exploration S. de R.L. de C.V. in Mexico. The Companys Hilda Properties consisting of two properties, which include Hilda 30 property and Hilda 37/38 property. The Hilda 30 property is a mining claim, containing approximately 256 hectares, and is located east of Hermosillo, between the towns of Santa Ana and Guadalupe Tayopa, in the Yecora District, State of Sonora, Mexico. The Hilda 37/38 property consists of two mining exploration concessions, containing approximately 1,095 hectares, and is located east of Hermosillo, between the towns of Santa Ana and Guadalupe Tayopa, in the Yecora District, State of Sonora, Mexico. 	First Mexican Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 9, 2007
FMX	First Mountain Exploration Inc., formerly First Mountain Exploration Ltd is a Canada based company. The Company is engaged in engaged in the exploration for, the development of, and production of petroleum and natural gas. It holds oil and gas properties in Fir areas of Alberta (Fir Assets). 	First Mountain Exploration Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 18, 2012
FUU	Fission 3.0 Corp. is a Canada-based resource company specializing in the strategic acquisition, exploration and development of uranium properties. The Company has a portfolio of properties in Canadas Athabasca Basin. An additional prospective property is located in the emerging uranium district of Macusani in south-eastern Peru. Its properties include Patterson Lake North (PLN), Clearwater West, Beaver River, Manitou Falls, Thompson Lake, North Shore, and Macusani, Peru. The Clearwater West property consists of three claims covering 11,835.39 hectares. The Beaver River property consists of approximately eight claims totaling 15,373 hectares located on the north-central edge of the Athabasca Basin in Saskatchewan approximately 44 km east of Uranium City. The Manitou Falls property consists of a single 2,941 ha mineral claim located on the northeastern side of the Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan approximately 74 km east of Stoney Rapids. 	Fission 3.0 Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 23, 2013
FEX	Fjordland Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company, engaged in the acquisition and exploration of prospective copper, gold and molybdenum properties. The Companys current projects are Dillard Property, QUEST JV Properties, St Marys Property, Milligan West Property and Tak Properties. The Company is in agreement with Sumac Mines, a subsidiary of Sumitomo Metal Mining Co of Japan, on combined Dillard and Dill properties. The Company entered into a letter agreement with Capstone Mining Corp. to explore the Tak-Milligan properties. The St Marys Property- Company acquired a 100% interest in 8 properties totaling 60,047 hectares. The QUEST JV Properties -the Company and Serengeti Resources Inc. are in agreement, to explore for porphyry-related precious and base metals, targeting the Quesnel Terrane between Williams Lake and Fort St James. The Tak properties consist of six gold-copper-molybdenum prospects (38,826 hectares). 	Fjordland Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 30, 1986
FDR	Flinders Resources Limited is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the development of its 100% owned Woxna Graphite Mine. Woxna Graphite Mine consists of four exploitation concessions, known as Kringel, Mattsmyra, Gropabo and Mansberg. The Woxna Graphite Mine is located in Ovanaker Municipality, Gavleborg County, central Sweden. It supplies coarse graphite flake product to Europe. The graphite rock association at Woxna is contact metasomatic or hydrothermal deposits in metamorphosed calcareous sedimentary or volcaniclastic protoliths, associated with pegmatite intrusions. The pegmatite intrusions consist of quartz, orthoclase and phlogopite and intrude a metamorphosed, stratigraphic succession dominated by sedimentary and volcaniclastic protolithologies. The graphite deposits occur beneath Quaternary age moraine deposits. 	Flinders Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 27, 2010
FMK.P	Flying Monkey Capital Corp is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a transaction where the Company acquires assets, other than cash, by way of purchase, amalgamation, merger or arrangement with another company or by other means, such as a qualifying transaction. 	Flying Monkey Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FMS	Focus Graphite Inc. is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties primarily graphite, rare earth elements (REE) and base metals in Quebec. The Company's projects are Lac Knife Graphite Project is located in the Cote Nord region of Quebec; Lac Tetepisca Project is located in the southwest Manicouagan reservoir area of Quebec; Lac Guinecourt graphite property is located in the Grenville geological Province, and The Kwyjibo project is located in the Grenville Geological Province of northeastern Quebec. 	Focus Graphite Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 5, 2001
FF	First Mining Finance Corp is a Canada-based company. The Company operates as mineral bank which finances mining operations for silver mining in the United States and Mexico. Its business model involves acquiring mineral assets trading at low valuations and holding these assets until the capital markets for commodities and mining projects improves. At that point, the Company would add value for its shareholders by entering into agreements with other parties which would move the projects forward through exploration and development while the Company holds a residual interest in the project in question in the form of royalties, metal streams, minority interests or equity positions in the counterparty that is moving the project forward. The Company is supported by First Majestic Silver. The Company operates Coastal Gold Mining Corp and Goldrush Resources Ltd, as wholly owned subsidiaries. 	First Mining Finance Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 4, 2005
FCV	Focus Ventures Ltd. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and development of phosphate projects in Latin America. The Company's phosphate projects in Peru include Bayovar 12, Quebranta, and Machay. The Bayovar 12 Phosphate Project is located 70 kilometers south of the city of Piura in northern Peru, close to Vale's operating Bayovar phosphate Mine. The Machay Phosphate Project consists of eight concessions covering 3,700 hectares over the Aramachay Formation, a Jurassic-aged sedimentary unit that hosts phosphate mineralization. The Company's Quebranta Phosphate Project is located in the Ocucaje region approximately 300 kilometers south of Lima along the coastal desert and 30 kilometers from tidewater. The Company also holds an interest in the 3,500 hectare Aurora porphyry copper-molybdenum property located in the Department of Cusco, Peru. 	Focus Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	1993
FOM	Foran Mining Corporation is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company has six properties in Saskatchewan consisting of a total of 59 claims for approximately 44,969 hectares, located between 12 and 90 kilometers west of Flin Flon, Manitoba. The Company's 100%-owned McIlvenna Bay Project is located about 65 kilometers west of Flin Flon, in east central Saskatchewan. The McIlvenna Bay Property consists of 30 claims covering a total of 20,382 hectares. Its Bigstone Property consists of 13 claims totaling 16,117 hectares. Its Balsam Property consists of seven claims totaling 4,066 hectares. Its Comeback Bay Property consists of three claims totaling 310 hectares. The Company's Reed Lake property consists of a single claim totaling 195 hectares. 	Foran Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	November 13, 2007
FEN	Forent Energy Ltd. is an oil and gas exploration, development and production company with mineral rights holdings, reserves and production in Alberta, Canada. The Company's principal focus is the exploitation of oil reserves through development drilling on three principal properties in south central Alberta; Twining, Provost and Wayne. The Company holds a 100% working interest in 54 sections of land in the Heathdale area, holding the petroleum and natural gas (P&NG) rights from surface to basement, as well as an additional 19.5 sections of land with varying working interests. 	Forent Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	April 6, 1999
FFM	Formation Fluid Management Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged the development of a process to desalinate oilfield produced water for recycling, reuse and release. The Companys wholly owned subsidiary includes Formation Fluid Technologies Inc. (FFT). FFT has developed and manufactured a water remediation system housed in mobile units. 	Formation Fluid Management Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Water & Others	--	December 15, 2006
FDC	Forum Uranium Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The company focuses on the acquisition, exploration and development of Canadian uranium projects in the Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan and the Thelon Basin, Nunavut. The Companys uranium and rare earth metal projects include North Thelon Project, Key Lake Road Project, Henday Project, Maurice Point Project, Clearwater Project, Fir Island Project, and Nutaaq Project and Kipawa Project. The North Thelon Project covers approximately 197,300 hectares and consists of three project areas: the Kiggavik North and South areas, the Agnico-Eagle Option area and the Inuit Owned Land (IOL) areas. The Key Lake Road Project area consists of over 6 projects, covers over 90,000 hectares and approximately 70 kilometers of structural trends and conductors. The company owns over 100% in Maurice Point Project, which covers over 33,777 hectares along the margin of the Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan. 	Forum Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 28, 1986
FA	Fountain Asset Corp, formerly GC-Global Capital Corp, is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in merchant banking. The Company focuses on funding those companies that require financing between $500,000 and $5 million. It provides equity financing, bridge loan services (asset back/collateralized financing) and strategic financial consulting services. The Company offers multiple levels of capital structuring, including common equity, preferred shares, convertible debt and bridge loans. In addition, it advices to help companies grow and go public. The Company provides its services to companies across a range of industries, such as oil and gas, mining, real estate, manufacturing, retail, financial services, technology and biotechnology. 	Fountain Asset Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	December 31, 2005
FBI	nul	Franchise Bancorp Inc			--	
FSN	Franchise Services of North America Inc. (FSNA) is a car rental franchisor in North America. It operates in the car, van and light truck rental arena, while also providing a broad range of insurance products, both business and personal, to its franchisees, the automobile industry, and consumers. The Company owns and operates the following brands: U-Save Car & Truck Rental is a franchise car rental company; Rent-A-Wreck of Canada is a rental network in Canada; U-Save Car Sales provides rented vehicles and pre-owned cars; Auto Rental Resource Center (ARRC) provides independent operators with information and resources for managing their rental car operations; Xpress Rent-A-Car is a full-service rental car company, and Peakstone Financial Services is a full-service provider of liability, physical damage and other insurance products to the vehicle rental industry. 	Franchise Services of North America Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Passengers	--	August 27, 1998
TLK	Frankly Inc., formerly WB III Acquisition Corp., is a Canada-based company primarily engaged in developing and servicing instant messaging and social network applications for consumers and instant messaging software development kit for business partners. The Company has developed Chat SDK platform, which integrates a customizable version of its messaging technology to other application developers seeking to introduce a social and interest-based chat component into their own applications. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Frankly Co. 	Frankly Inc	Technology	Software	--	June 7, 2013
FEE	Free Energy International Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company, through its subsidiary, Darelle Media Inc. (Darelle), has launched online marketplace (darelle and/or www.darelle.com) with a focus in the Greater Vancouver area. darelle is a cause driven online marketplace designed to bring consumers, businesses and charities together to provide opportunities to buy and sell. Darelle also intends to provide an e-commerce platform for charity partners to use in the sale of tickets for various fundraising events. Darelle will also provide ticket redemption and data base management for charity partners. Its donation management program provides all of the necessary reporting and tracking tools to integrate into any campaign. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Free Energy International Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	February 11, 2005
FTI	FTI Foodtech International Inc. (FTI) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of the resale of liquidation merchandise. The Company exchanges goods on barter exchanges, such as the Trade Business Exchange and The Certificate Club for which transactions are tendered using Barter Exchange Dollars (Barter Credits). The Company has the North American distribution rights for GlobalEx Global Chlorine Dioxide water purification tablets, which include the tablets marketed under the trade names, OxyTab, PoolTab, CleanTab, SteriTab and AirTab that have a range of application ranging from drinking water, swimming, industrial sanitation, pest control, as well as various application in the gas and mining industry. 	FTI Foodtech International Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Specialty	6	August 26, 2008
FRI	nul	Freeport Resources Inc			--	
GAZ.UN	Fronsac Real Estate Investment Trust is an open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company, through its subsidiaries, joint ventures and co-ownerships, rent commercial real estate properties. The Company has 11 investment properties. The Company's properties are occupied by tenants within sectors, including fast food chains, oil/gas companies and convenience store chains. The Company's properties include Les Coteaux, Riviere-du-Loup, St-Hilaire, St-Hubert, St-Jean sur Richelieu, Trois-Rivieres 1, Trois-Rivieres 2 and Val-David, among others. 	Fronsac REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	April 15, 2011
FGC	Frontline Gold Corporation is a Canadian-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. The Companys projects include Niaouleni Gold Project, Menderes Gold Project, Poly Property, Stewart Property, Mill Tenures and Red Lake-Birch Lake. Menderes Gold Project consists of approximately 6,194 hectares (62 square kilometers) contiguous land package located near the village of Efemcukuru, Western Turkey. Niaouleni property, located at West Mali in Africa's prolific gold belt has exploration permits for approximately 94 square kilometers. The Companys Red Lake properties comprise seven claims groups totaling approximately 230 individual claims. 	Frontline Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 16, 2008
FMM	Full Metal Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company's properties include Aleutians/Port Moller, Alaska; Lucky Shot, Alaska, and Unga-Popov, Alaska (Port Moller). The Company has no revenues. The Company, through its subsidiary, FMM Spinco (USA), holds an interest in Pyramid Copper Project. Full Metal Minerals (U.S.A.) Inc. is the Company's subsidiary. 	Full Metal Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 18, 2003
FUR	Fura Emeralds Inc., formerly Wolf Resource Development Corp., is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of properties in Canada and abroad. The Company has one iron ore exploration property named Iron Horse located in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. The Iron Horse property is located in the Skeena Mining Division in the Province of British Columbia. The Iron Horse iron copper skarn is a untested deposit located in the project area. The Company has no revenues. 	Fura Emeralds Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 19, 2013
GGC	G4G Capital Corp., formerly G4G Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based junior natural resource mining company. The Company is in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties in the Yukon, Canada and other locations. The Company's segment is the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company also holds mineral properties in Vancouver Island, British Columbia in Canada. The Company has not commenced commercial production on any property. The Company has recorded no revenues from operations. 	G4G Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 26, 1987
GNC	Gainey Capital Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and evaluation stage company. The Company is engaged in mineral property exploration and development in Mexico. The Company's projects include El Colomo and mill/processing plant. The Company's El Colomo is approximately 18,766 hectares project, which includes gold and silver minerals. The Company's mill/processing plant is located in the gold and silver Sierra Madre region of Western Mexico and includes a gravimetric/flotation processing center, which optimizes gold and silver recovery rates. Its rated capacity is around 300 tons per day. The Company has entered into an agreement with San Francisco De Lajas Indian Community in the State of Durango, Mexico and San Andres Milpillas Indian Community in the State of Nayarit, Mexico. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Gainey Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 11, 2011
GG	Galane Gold Ltd. is a Canada-based company with principal business activities of exploration, development and operation of gold mining properties. The Company operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Galane Gold Mines Ltd., which in turn operates a producing mine, and has the rights to certain mineral exploration tenements (the producing mine and mineral exploration tenements collectively, the Mupane Property) located in the Republic of Botswana through subsidiaries located in Botswana. 	Galane Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 24, 2007
GAL	Galantas Gold Corporation (Galantas) owns and operates a producing open pit gold mine near Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. The Company's mine produces by-product silver and lead. The mine is engaged in obtaining planning permits to continue to mine underground. The mine has completed part of a drilling exploration program with resources discovered. Cavanacaw Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Galantas, owns Northern Ireland companies, such as Omagh Minerals Limited, Galantas Irish Gold Limited and Flintridge Resources Limited. 	Galantas Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	44	April 28, 2005
GLW	Galway Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage company. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in the Colombia segment. The Company is focused on exploring the Vetas project, which is located in the Vetas Mining District in Colombia. The Vetas gold-silver project consists of the El Volcan gold-silver mine. The Company has completed the Phase I drill program at El Volcan, which consists of approximately 90 drill holes and approximately 46,000 meters. The Company does not have any production at its mineral properties. The Company has not generated any revenues. Its subsidiaries include Galway Resources Vetas Holdco Ltd. (Cayman Islands), Galway Resources Vetas Holdco Ltd. Sucursal Colombia and Galway Gold US Inc. 	Galway Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 9, 2012
GWM	Galway Metals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage company. The Company operates in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in the United States segment. The Company is focused on exploring the Victorio project, a molybdenum-tungsten exploration project located in New Mexico. The Victorio molybdenum-tungsten project is an advanced-stage exploration property. The project is located approximately 20 miles west of Deming, New Mexico. The Company has completed an approximately 12-hole and approximately 25,000 foot, Phase II infill-drilling program. Its subsidiaries include Galway Resources US Inc and Nyak Resources Inc. 	Galway Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 9, 2012
FAN	Gaming Nation Inc, formerly Oceanside Capital Corp., is a Canada-based company engaged in providing sports entertainment through games of skill. The Company's platforms include 5050 Central Ltd.'s electronic raffle system, Fantasy Feud, Fantasy Guru and PickNation. Its electronic raffle system is operational in over 80 professional sports team facilities and approximately 250 venues in North America. The Company's Fantasy Feud is a daily fantasy sports portal that provides five daily fantasy games across eight sports with more than 100,000 participants. Its Fantasy Guru and PickNation are sports information sites designed for the fantasy sports players. The Company offers its platforms to sports fans and daily fantasy participants. 	Gaming Nation Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 5, 2008
GGI	nul	Garibaldi Resources Corp			--	
GRI	Galore Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the process of exploring its exploration and evaluation assets. The Company operates two-active exploration properties. These are the Taseko copper-molybdenum-gold property in British Columbia, Canada and the Dos Santos gold property in Zacatecas State, Mexico. The Dos Santos property covers a gold exploration project located within the Concepcion del Oro mining district in northern Zacatecas State, Mexico. It is located 35 kilometers southeast of Goldcorp's Penasquito gold-silver-lead-zinc mine and also lies adjacent to the northern property boundary of the Camino Rojo gold discovery. The Taseko Property covers four mineral prospects located along the eastern margin of the Coast intrusive complex. Mineralization of copper-molybdenum, copper-gold and gold mineralization in the area occurs within the intrusive rocks and the overlying meta-sedimentary and volcanic rocks. 	Galore Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 12, 2004
GPL	Galileo Petroleum Ltd. is a Canada-based natural resource exploration company. The Company is focused primarily on the acquisition, exploration and development of crude oil projects. The Company's oil and gas properties are located in Alberta and Saskatchewan, Canada. The Company holds interests in an oil and gas development project (Salt Lake Project) in West-Central Saskatchewan. 	Galileo Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 14, 2000
GBL	GB Minerals Ltd., formerly Plains Creek Mining Limited, is a mining exploration and development company. The Company is focused on advancing the Farim Phosphate Project located in Guinea-Bissau in West Africa. The Farim Phosphate project is located near the town of Farim in north-central Guinea-Bissau, West Africa, approximately 25 kilometers south of the Senegal border, approximately 5 kilometers west of the town of Farim and some 120 kilometers North of Bissau, the capital of Guinea-Bissau. The project consists of a sedimentary phosphate deposit of one continuous phosphate bed, which extends over a known surface area of approximately 40 square kilometers. The project also has infrastructure components that support production capabilities and accelerate transport to markets around the world, which are 80 kilometers to the location of the port. 	GB Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	July 24, 2007
GSI	Gatekeeper Systems Inc., formerly Indigo Sky Capital Corp, is a provider of high definition imaging systems for mobile markets. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, and marketing mobile video security systems for the school bus and public transportation markets. The Company provides end-to-end surveillance solutions for mobile applications, including body cameras, police vehicles, school buses, transit buses, transport vehicles, military aircraft and coast guard patrol vessels. Its technology platform integrates high definition video with global positioning system (GPS), voice, live streaming, wireless fidelity and vehicle sensors recorded to an onboard military grade digital video recorder. Its software synchronizes video, date and time, voice and vehicle sensors, such as activation of stop arms, signals, brake and warning lights, door switches or other electronic sensors. Its products are used in the law enforcement, maritime, homeland security and defense markets. 	Gatekeeper Systems Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 26, 2010
GI	Gem International Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties with its principal focus on diamond, gold and other precious metals. Its activities include acquiring mineral properties and conducting exploration programs. The Company seeks opportunities in Tanzania, East Africa. 	Gem International Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 25, 1985
GKX	Gemini Corporation is a professional services firm that designs, builds and maintains energy and industrial facilities. The Company provides services on either a standalone basis or by combining engineering and field service capabilities. The Company's principal target markets are midstream oil and gas, in-situ heavy oil, oil and gas production, and oil and gas processing. The Company operates in two segments, including Field Solutions and Engineered Solutions. Field Solutions segment provides fabrication, installation and maintenance services through tradespeople engaged in the physical construction of oil and gas facilities. The Engineered Solutions segment provides engineering, procurement, regulatory, environmental, and project management services. This segment provides its services generally through professional engineers and other technical professionals working on project requirements from Gemini offices. 	Gemini Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	February 3, 1982
GIS	Genesis Metals Corp., formerly Entourage Metals Ltd., is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and assessment of mineral properties. The Company's property includes October Gold property. The October Gold property is approximately 200 square kilometer property located in the underexplored Southern Swayze greenstone belt in Benton Township, Ontario. The property has gold anomalies, including western anomaly and eastern anomaly. The western anomaly has a footprint of approximately 1.5 kilometers by approximately three kilometers and the eastern anomaly has a footprint of approximately two kilometers by over two kilometers. The Company's other property includes Smoke Lake/Black Raven property. The Smoke Lake/Black Raven property is owned by the Company, which is located in Ontario. The Company has interests in the Chevrier Gold Project, Quebec. 	Genesis Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 26, 2010
GSP	Gensource Potash Corporation is a Canada-based company focused on potash development. The Company's Lothar Project is located in south-central Saskatchewan, approximately 100 kilometers northeast of Regina, Saskatchewan, and 90 kilometers and 150 kilometers west of the PotashCorp Rocanville and Mosaic Esterhazy underground potash mines, respectively. The Company holds 47 potash leases covering 10,277.82 acres (about 4,160 hectares) of freehold subsurface mineral rights in the vicinity of the town of Lemberg, Saskatchewan. The Company's Lazlo Project is located in south-central Saskatchewan, approximately 115 kilometers northwest of Regina and 140 kilometers southeast of Saskatoon. The Company has signed eleven lease agreements covering 3,440.71 acres (about 1,393 hectares) of freehold subsurface mineral rights in the vicinity of the town of Craik, Saskatchewan. 	Gensource Potash Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	November 19, 2004
GNT	Gentor Resources Inc. (Gentor) is a mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the discovery and development of mineral resources. The Company is focused on the exploration of its Karaburun project in northern Turkey. The Karaburun Project is in the exploration stage. The Karaburun Project is a metasediment hosted volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) system in forested terrain about 17 kilometers northwest of the town of Boyabat in the Sinop District of the Black Sea region, northern central Turkey. Gentor has outlined at the Karaburun Project a 2.5 kilometer long gossanous, Besshi-style VMS mineralized system within Mesozoic Ophiolite-related mafic volcanoclastic and metapelites. 	Gentor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6	
GXM	Geodex Minerals Ltd. (Geodex) is a Canada-based mineral resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, the evaluation of mining investment opportunities and metals trading. The Company is in the process of acquiring its exploration and evaluation assets. 	Geodex Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6	March 23, 1967
GXR	Georox Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas in Western Canada. Georox has a production, following the Red Earth/Otter transaction of approximately 265 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) comprised of 175 boepd of light oil, 73 boepd heavy oil and 17 boepd of natural gas. Georox's estimated production is 66% light oil and ngls, 28% heavy oil, and 6% solution gas. The wells produce approximately 147 barrels of light oil and approximately 20,000 cubic feet per day of solution natural gas which is 150 barrels of oil equivalent per day net to the corporation from the Granite Wash & Slave Point formations. 	Georox Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 14, 2005
GMA	Geomega Resources Inc is a Canada-based mineral exploration and evaluation company focused on the discovery and development of deposits of metals in Quebec. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mining properties. Its projects include Montviel Property, Gold property-Anik and McDonald property. The Montviel Property is located approximately 100 kilometers north of Lebel-sur-Quevillon and approximately 50 kilometers west of the Cree First Nation of Waswanipi in the urbanized southern part of Northern Quebec. Montviel is a 32 square kilometers alkaline intrusive system hosting carbonatite intrusions with rare earth elements and niobium mineralization. The Anik project is located approximately 40 kilometers south of the town of Chapais, Quebec, in the southern part of northern Quebec. The Anik property consists of approximately 150 claims. The McDonald property is located approximately 30 kilometers east of the Montviel property and consists of over 210 claims. 	Geomega Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 5, 2008
GFK	GFK Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company owns an interest in Casa-Cameron project, which is located in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt, Quebec. The Company's Casa-Cameron project is located in the Abitibi region of Quebec extending from the Casa-Berardi township north of La Sarre to the Le Sueur township northeast of Lebel-sur-Quevillon. The Project includes approximately nine properties distributed along approximately 225 kilometers strike of the Casa-Berardi Cameron structural corridor. The Company's Casa-Cameron project's properties include Casagosic Property, KLM Property, Vezza North, Vezza Extension, Bell-Vezza Property, Sinclair-Bruneau Property, Florence Property, Cere-113 Property and Bachelor Extension Property. The Company's Project consists of approximately 480 claims, with a total surface area of approximately 25,600 hectares or over 260 square kilometers. 	GFK Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 13, 2012
GOK	GINSMS Inc. is a mobile technology and services company focusing on cloud-based application-to-peer (A2P) messaging service and software products and services. The Company operates in two segments: Messaging Business and Software Products and Services. It operates its messaging business through Gin International Ltd (GIN), its wholly owned subsidiary in Hong Kong. GIN provides cloud-based A2P short message services (SMS), which enables mobile application developers, SMS gateways, enterprises and financial institutions to deliver SMS without any capital investment. It operates its software products and services through its subsidiary, Inphosoft Group Pte Ltd (Inphosoft). Inphosoft provides products and solutions to mobile operators in the areas third generation/fourth generation (3G/4G) mobile data value-added services, such as mobile entertainment and mobile advertising. It also provides mobile application development services, and support and maintenance services to customers. 	Ginsms Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	March 20, 2009
GCR	Gespeg Copper Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the identification, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focusing on exploring and developing its copper mineral claims in the Gaspe region of Quebec. Its properties include Vortex, Port Daniel and Murdoch. The Vortex project is a copper molybdenum exploration opportunity in the Gaspe region of Quebec. The project consists of approximately 80 square kilometers of land and consists of three main claim groups: the Sullipek deposit, situated on the western edge of the project area; the Sullipek East property, a skarn/porphyry copper opportunity, and the Madeleine des Vercheres claim group. Port Daniel is a copper mineral opportunity located in the south region of the Gaspe Peninsula of Quebec. The Murdoch property is a copper and molybdenum exploration opportunity in the Gaspe region of Quebec. Its other properties include Mont Tuzo, Carleton, Quarry 1272 and Quarry 387. 	Gespeg Copper Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 31, 2006
GTC	Getty Copper Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, discovery and development of base metal or gold deposits, as well as acquisition of producing or advanced exploration-stage mineral properties. The Company has its mineral property in the Highland Valley located northeast of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Getty Copper's property is adjacent to the Highland Valley Copper Mine. The Highland Valley property includes the Getty North and South deposits, as well as, the Getty West, Glossie and North Valley mineral zones. 	Getty Copper Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 23, 1985
GIT	Gitennes Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of exploring for mineral deposits. The Company acquires properties directly by staking, through option agreements with prospectors or other exploration companies, and through reconnaissance programs. The Company has a royalty interest in the Urumalqui silver-gold project situated in north-central Peru. The Company is seeking project acquisitions and has not generated any revenues. 	Gitennes Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	May 13, 1993
GB	Ginger Beef Corporation is a Canada-based food company. The Company has been engaged in the development of new food products, as well as in the improvement of its existing product lines. The Company's operations include Ginger Beef Express Ltd. (Express) and its wholly owned subsidiary Ginger Beef Choice Ltd. (Choice) and 1379915 Alberta Ltd. (Crowfoot). Express is a franchiser of Chinese food restaurants located primarily in Calgary, Alberta, and is the holding company for Choice and Crowfoot. Choice is a manufacturer of fresh and frozen Chinese food items for wholesalers primarily in Western Canada and Ontario. Choice produces a number of frozen and ready-to-serve deli Chinese food products for distribution to retail outlets. 	Ginger Beef Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	April 26, 2000
WDG	Giyani Gold Corp. (Giyani) is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of principally gold resource properties in South Africa and Canada. The Companys primary focus is the development of the Rock Island Gold Project and exploration for gold at its Northern Ontario Project. The Company has five exploration licenses in the Giyani Archean Greenstone Belt located in the northeastern region of South Africa. These properties consist of more than 170 square kilometers of prospective greenstone belt with six past producing mines. The Company operates through subsidiaries including Canoe Mining Ventures Corp, Alpha 111 Holdings Co. Ltd., Beta 222 Holdings Co. Ltd, Giyani Gold Holdings 333 (Pty) Ltd., Giyani Gold South Africa (Pty) Ltd., Lexshell 831 Investments (Pty) Ltd., GGC South Africa Mining 111 (Pty) Ltd., Obliwize (Pty) Ltd., Obliweb (Pty) Ltd and Lexshell 837 Investments (Pty) Ltd. 	Giyani Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 26, 2007
GER	Glen Eagle Resources Inc is a Canada-based exploration Company. The Companys projects include Nicaragua, Authier, Moose Lake, Lac Lisette, and Souart. It has reached an agreement in Nicaragua subsidiary Sandgold SA to recuperate the gold from the tailings located in the mining district of Chontales and eliminates the mercury content in the process. The Company is developing its Lac Lisette phosphate project and is drilling on it. The Lac Lisette property is approximately 40 km away from Arianne Resources Lac &#224; Paul property, and shares the same main road. Souart property is located 40 kilometres east of Lebel-sur-Quevillon in the vicinity of Metanor, Bonterra and Eagle Hill. 	Glen Eagle Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	October 21, 1988
GCO	Global Cobalt Corporation is a junior mining company engaged in mineral exploration and development. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of strategic metal properties. It conducts its operations across three geographic regions: Canada, Russia and the United States. Its properties include The Werner Lake Mineral Belt, Karakul Cobalt Deposit, Iron Creek Cobalt-Copper property and Altai Sister Properties. The Werner Lake Belt Deposit consists of approximately 1,700 hectares in the Kenora Mining district in the extreme western part of the Province of Ontario, Canada. The Karakul Cobalt Deposit is located in the southern region of the Republic of Altai in the Russian Federation. The Iron Creek Cobalt-Copper property in Idaho, consists of around seven patented mining claims of approximately 120 acres located in Lemhi County about 26 miles southwest of the town of Salmon, Idaho. 	Global Cobalt Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 9, 2007
GGL	GGL Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company owns claims prospective for gold, copper, nickel and volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) deposits and diamonds in the Northwest Territories and claims prospective for gold and copper in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. The Company's properties are in the exploration-stage and no proven or probable reserves have been defined or delineated. 	GGL Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	May 25, 1981
BOB	Global Hunter Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The principal mineral resource property of the Company is its interests in the Corona de Cobre mineral property located in Chile. The Company also holds the Rabbit South mineral property in Canada. The Company's Corona de Cobre property covers an area of approximately 17,000 hectares and lies within the Coastal Belt of the Andean Cordillera of Chile, referred to as the Chilean Iron Belt. The Company's Corona de Cobre property is located approximately 70 kilometers north of the city of La Serena. The Company's Rabbit South Property covers an area of approximately 1,900 hectares near Kamloops, British Columbia, approximately 30 kilometers northeast of the Highland Valley copper mine. The Company is exploring various base metal and precious metal properties in Canada and Chile. 	Global Hunter Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 30, 1988
GMN	GobiMin Inc. is engaged in the development and exploration of mineral properties, mainly in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (Xinjiang) of the People's Republic of China (China). The Company, holds a 70% equity interest in Xinjiang Tongyuan Minerals Ltd. (Tongyuan). It is operating and managing the Sawayaerdun Gold Project (Gold Project) through Tongyuan, which is the holder of the mining and exploration licenses of the Zone I and Zone IV mine site covering an area of approximately 1.7094 square kilometers and 20.27 square kilometers respectively. It also holds an equity interest of 48.02% in Loco Hong Kong Holdings Limited. In addition, it owns around 40% equity interests each in three companies incorporated in China to engage in base metals and precious metal exploration, including nickel, copper and gold, in Xinjiang, and a 3.5% equity interest in the Yanxi Copper Property. Its operational segment is engaged in the development of the Gold Project and other exploration projects. 	GobiMin Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 30, 2005
GBB	Gold Bullion Development Corp. is a Canada-based junior mining and exploration company. The Company is focused on developing its gold and silver properties in Quebec and Ontario. The Company owns 100% interest in the Granada Gold Property. The Granada Gold Property is located in North-western Quebec. The Castle Silver Mine Property is located in the Haultain and Nicol Townships of Ontario covering a total of 564.41 hectares. The Beaver Property is located in the Coleman Township of Ontario covering a total of 20 acres. 	Gold Bullion Development Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 17, 1985
GFN	Gold Finder Explorations Limited (Gold Finder), formerly SNS Silver Corp. is Canada-based exploration stage Company. It is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral properties. The Company has interests in its Crescent Mine. The Crescent Mine is owned by United Silver Corporation (USC). The Crescent Mine is located in the Coeur d'Alene Mining District, the second silver district in the world, between the historic Sunshine and Bunker Hill Mines in Idaho, United States of America. 	Gold Finder Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 12, 1996
GHE.P	Gold Horn International Enterprises Group Ltd, located in Kowloon, Hong Kong is a capital pool company. The company is also an investment company. The company was founded on December 16, 2014. 	Gold Horn International Enterprises Group Ltd			--	
GJB	Gold Jubilee Capital Corp. is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. As at November 30, 2011, all of the Companys operations and assets were in Canada. The Company had entered into an option agreement with Klondike Silver Corp. to acquire a 51% interest in the Hewitt-Van Roi Property located in Slocan Mining Division, British Columbia. 	Gold Jubilee Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 19, 2007
GUM	Gold Mountain Mining Corporation is a Canada-based resource company. The Company is a capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is to identify and evaluate assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The Companys Elk Gold Project is located within the Similkameen Mining District in southern British Columbia, Canada, approximately 325 kilometers northeast of Vancouver and 55 kilometers west of Okanagan Lake, approximately midway between the towns of Merritt and Peachland. The property consists of 27 contiguous mineral claims and one mining lease covering approximately 16,566 hectares. Except for the Agur Option block, the Company holds 100% interest in all of the claims. 	Gold Mountain Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 12, 2008
GMV	Gmv Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on developing its 100% owned Mexican Hat project. The Mexican Hat Property is an epithermal gold deposit that consists of around 40 unpatented lode mining claims situated in Cochise County, Arizona, the United States. The Companys wholly owned subsidiary is GMV Guyana Resources Inc., based in Guyana. 	GMV Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 18, 2006
GRV	Gold Reach Resources Ltd. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. Its properties host copper, gold, silver and molybdenum prospects located in central British Columbia. It owns a 100% interest in the Ootsa property, located in central British Columbia, consisting of approximately 120 mineral claims totaling over 72,538 hectares. The Company's 120 mineral claims include approximately 14 claims totaling over 575 hectares, which are known as the Ox claims; its four other claims, totaling over 3,028 hectares, are known as the Seel claims. It has purchased two claims known as the Swing Claims (Captain Mine). It also has The Troitsa Peak claim totaling over 211 hectares. It has staked approximately 11 additional claims totaling over 1,381 hectares and an additional three claims totaling over 153 hectares. 	Gold Reach Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 29, 1965
ICU	Global Copper Group Inc., formerly Galaxy Graphite Corp., is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties in Canada. The Company has held interests in the following mineral properties: Brownell Lake Property, Saskatchewan; Sun Graphite Property, Quebec; Buckingham Graphite Property, Quebec; Laurier Graphite Property, Ontario; Parent Property, Quebec, and Rambo Property, British Columbia. The Brownell Lake Property consists of eight contiguous mineral claims totaling 10,850 hectares. The Sun Graphite property consists of 76 claims covering 4,205 hectares. The Buckingham Graphite Propertyconsists of 22 mining claims covering 1,324 hectares. The Laurier Graphite Propertyconsists of 46 mineral claims covering approximately 2,300 hectares. The Parent Propertyconsists of six claims covering 345 hectares. The Rambo Propertyconsists of a mineral claim covering 1,474 hectares. 	Global Copper Group Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 14, 2009
GRZ	Gold Reserve Inc. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mining projects. The Company has no commercial production and has no revenue producing operations. It conducts its business primarily through its wholly owned subsidiaries, which include Gold Reserve Corporation, Gold Reserve de Barbados Ltd, Gold Reserve de Venezuela, Compania Aurifera Brisas del Cuyuni, GR El Choco Limited, GRI Minerales El Choco CA, Montoro Mining Ltd, Minera Gold Reserve, S.A. de C.V. and Compania Minera Unicornio CA. The Company evaluates exploration prospects with a focus on location, the mineralized potential, economic factors, as well as the level and quality of previous work completed, if any, on the prospect. Its property is the La Tortuga property, a copper and gold prospect located in Jalisco State, Mexico. 	Gold Reserve Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	1998
GSV	Gold Standard Ventures Corp. is a Canada-based gold exploration company. The Company's flagship property is the Railroad-Pinion Project. Railroad-Pinion Project is an early to intermediate stage gold exploration project situated at the southeast end of the Carlin Trend of northcentral Nevada. Railroad-Pinion Project straddles the Pinon Range in the Railroad Mining District of northeastern Nevada and consists of a contiguous land position totaling about 30,404 gross acres (12,304 gross hectares) and 28,721 net acres (11,623 net hectares) of land in Elko County, Nevada. As of March 31, 2015, the Company had a total of 16,439 gross acres (6,652 gross hectares) of subsurface mineral rights in the form of patented and unpatented mineral lodes (claims) and 13,965 gross acres (5,651 gross hectares) of subsurface mineral rights secured or controlled by a contractual interest in private surface and mineral property in the form of surface use agreements and mining/mineral lease agreements. 	Gold Standard Ventures Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	14	February 6, 2004
GBE	Goldbelt Empires Ltd, formerly Quartet Resources Limited is a gold explorer focused on the West African goldbelt. The Company mainly explores and develops precious metal properties primarily in Burkina Faso, west Africa. 	Goldbelt Empires Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 4, 2011
GCN	Goldcliff Resource Corporation is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets in Canada. The Company operates three projects: the Panorama Ridge gold project, the Ainsworth silver project and the Tulameen copper project in the province of British Columbia. The Panorama Ridge gold project is located in the Hedley gold camp, in British Columbia, Canada. The Panorama Project claims are a contiguous block of approximately 8,118 hectares, which is 100% owned by the Company. The Ainsworth silver project is located in the Ainsworth-Kaslo silver camp in British Columbia, Canada. The Ainsworth Project claims are a contiguous block of approximately 9,904 hectares, which is 100% owned by the company. The Tulameen copper project is located in the Copper Mountain copper camp in British Columbia, Canada. The Tulameen Project claims are a contiguous block of approximately 26,166 hectares, which is 100% owned by the company. 	Goldcliff Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	July 21, 1986
GLB	Goldbank Mining Corporation is a Canada-based an exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in resource property exploration and development. The Company's business is the exploration and development in the Yukon, including the Leota Gold project, a block of hard rock mining claims of Gold properties in the Klondike region of the Yukon Territories, Canada and the Hasenfuss. 	Goldbank Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 22, 1967
GRG	Golden Arrow Resources Corporation is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company's mineral properties are all located in Argentina and have no probable reserves. The Company has mineral property interests in Chinchillas Silver, Fronterra District, Varitas, Mogote, Purulla, Caballos and Pescado Gold. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Caballos property located in western La Rioja Province, Argentina; the Pescado Gold Project located in San Juan Province, Argentina; the Varitas property located in southern La Rioja Province, Argentina, and the Fronterra District properties. 	Golden Arrow Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 11, 2004
GBN	Golden Band Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is involved in the production of gold. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration, mine development and extraction of gold ores. The Company owns and operates properties, which are located in the La Ronge Gold Belt in northern Saskatchewan, and processing at its Jolu mill. It focuses on expanding its gold mineral resources. The Company has assembled a land package in excess of approximately 870 square kilometers, which includes 13 gold deposits and four former producing mines, such as Star Lake, Decade, Komis and Jolu. The Company's projects include Roy Lloyd Underground Mine, Komis Mine, Golden Heart Project, Greywacke Deposit and Jolu Mill. The Golden Heart project is located approximately nine kilometers east of the Komis mine. 	Golden Band Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	12	March 17, 1983
GOM	Golden Dawn Minerals Inc. is a resource exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has a portfolio of properties, prospective for precious and base metals, situated in the historic Greenwood Mining District, British Columbia, Canada. All the Companys mineral properties are in the exploration stages and have not generated any revenue. The Greenwood Project consists of three contiguous properties located in the Greenwood Mining District of British Columbia. The properties are the Boundary Falls property, the Wild Rose property and the Tam OShanter property. The Wild Rose and Tam O'Shanter Properties form the northern most claim group of the Company's Greenwood Project, and are located about 3 kilometers southwest of Greenwood in south-central British Columbia. 	Golden Dawn Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 9, 2004
GBD	Golden Bridge Development Corporation is a Canada-based capital pool company, engaged in mineral exploration. The Company operates the Hebecourt Project and Saskatchewan Uranium Project. The Company operates one business segment, the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties and for which all operating activities are conducted within Canada. The Company is reviewing the various options and alternatives for the potential mineral exploration and development of uranium resources for this uranium property in Saskatchewan. 	Golden Bridge Development Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 18, 2010
GNG	Golden Goliath Resources Ltd. is a junior exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. The Company's properties are all located in the State of Chihuahua, Mexico. The Company is in the process of evaluating its Mexican resource properties. The Company has a property portfolio of mining concessions in the Uruachic District of Mexico covering approximately 10,000 hectares. It has interest in its principle property in the district, San Timoteo. Its other properties include Las Bolas/Los Hilos Property, Nopalera Property, La Reforma Property, Oteros Property, Nueva Union Property and Corona Property. It has various net smelter returns on specific claims forming a part of the Company's properties. It owns approximately two other properties outside of the Uruachic Camp. One of these is a silver property, which is called La Cruz property and the other exploration property is called Chamizal property. 	Golden Goliath Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 12, 1996
GHR	Golden Harp Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring and evaluating, gold and base metal mineralization on its Copper Hill Project. It operates three projects on The Copper Hill Project, which include Golden Sylvia Zone, Copper Hill Zone and Block A. The Copper Hill Project is located approximately 100 kilometers south of Timmins in Northern Ontario, which hosts gold-bearing fuchsitic ultramafics and iron formations and quartz carbonate vein systems. Golden Sylvia project consists of a length of 20 kilometers, which consists of low-grade gold zone. Copper Hill Zone is located approximately 200 meters south of the Golden Sylvia iron formation, which hosts Copper Hill rhyolite mineralization. Block A has three zones namely Cook Zone, which consists of volcanics and fucshitic ultramafics; MC Zone has Fuchsitic ultramafics and hematitic altered felsic volcanics, and Decker Zone, which include pyritic syenite and komatiites. 	Golden Harp Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 3, 2006
GNH	Golden Hope Mines Limited is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is acquisition, exploration and development of potential gold and base metal projects with both underground and open-pit mining potential. The Company's projects are located in the Bellechasse/Beauce Region of Southeastern Quebec, Canada. These projects include the Company's project, the Bellechasse-Timmins gold deposit. The Company's 100% owned Bellechasse/Beauce property is located approximately 90 kilometers south east of Quebec City within the northern part of the Appalachian range of mountains. The property consists of approximately 204 claims totaling 7,910.06 hectares. The Bellechasse Belt includes four areas of interest, including Bellechasse-Timmins, Beland anomaly, Laval's Mountain geochemical anomaly and Champagne Zone. 	Golden Hope Mines Limted	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 19, 1946
GP	Golden Peak Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. The Company is focused on its financial resources on conducting an exploration program on the Columbia Shear Group Property. The Columbia Shear Group Property holds approximately 20 mineral claims located in the Victoria Mining Division, British Columbia. The Company also has the sole option to purchase approximately 2% of 3% of the Net Smelter Royalty. The Company also holds interest in approximately 10 mineral claims of Foubert Lake Property, located in the Carheil Township, Quebec. It has interest in the Oyster property consisting of approximately four mineral claims located in the province of Manitoba. 	Golden Peak Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 31, 2011
GRR	Golden Reign Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and evaluation assets in Nicaragua. The Company's primary exploration and evaluation asset is the San Albino-Murra mining concession, located in Nicaragua, which is in the advanced exploration-stage. The San Albino gold deposit is located near the southern end of an approximately 20 kilometers long mineralized trend outlined and defined by the Company as the Corona de Oro gold belt. The San Albino resource model consists of three vein systems: the San Albino, Naranjo, and Arras veins. The Company is advancing exploration targets at Las Conchitas, Murra and the El Jicaro concession. The Murra gold property is located in the northern (Murra) district of the San Albino-Murra gold property, Nicaragua. Las Conchitas area lies approximately 1.5 kilometers south of the San Albino gold deposit. 	Golden Reign Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 1, 2004
GSH	Golden Share Mining Corp (Golden Share) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company engaged in developing a portfolio of properties in the mineral belts of Eastern Canada. The Company's Shebandowan Gold Project is located approximately 70 kilometers west of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada, in the Shebandowan greenstone belt. It consists of Pistol Lake (47 claims for 54.99 square kilometers), Conacher (15 claims for 17.92 square kilometers) and Band Ore (28 claims for 5.21 square kilometers). The Company's Elwood property consisting of 18 mining titles is located 70 kilometers west of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada. The Company's Hyndman property consisting of 33 unpatented mining claims covering 56.32 square kilometers is located approximately 60 kilometers east of Dryden, Ontario, Canada in the Wabigoon Lake greenstone belt. Its Turtlepond property is located approximately 25 kilometers southeast of Dryden, Ontario, Canada in the Manitou-Wabigoon Lake greenstone belt. 	Golden Share Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 29, 2013
GOG	Golden Tag Resources Ltd (Golden Tag) is a mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration, and development of gold, silver and base metal projects in North America. Its projects include San Diego property, Aquilon Gold Property and McCuaig Joint Venture Property. The San Diego property consists of the Unificacion, El Refugio, San Jose, Dino Catarino, and Ampliacion de San Jose claims covering approximately 91.65 hectares and located approximately 75 kilometers southwest of the city of Torreon and approximately nine kilometers northeast of Golden Mineral's San Juana Mine property in the Velardena Mining District. The Aquilon Gold Property is located approximately 10 kilometers south of the Laforge 1 hydro-electric complex in James Bay, Quebec and covers approximately 6,370 hectares of a folded greenstone belt. The McCuaig Property comprises three unpatented mining claims (10 claim units) seven kilometers northwest of the Red Lake mine complex. 	Golden Tag Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 11, 1995
GZZ	Golden Valley Mines Ltd., is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in initial grassroots targets while owning a 100% interest and then seeks partners to continue exploration funding. The Company involved carrying on generative programs and exploration efforts at grassroots projects. The Company together with its subsidiaries holds property interests in projects in Canada. The Company continues core exploration focus is the Abitibi Greenstone Belt Grassroots Exploration Project. The Companys primary exploration targets in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt include the eastern extension of the Destor-Porcupine Fault Zone north of Rouyn-Noranda and Val-dOr from the Ontario border; the western portion of the Blake River Group volcanics in Ontario, and several previously untested airborne electromagnetic anomalies and structural features elsewhere in the Abitibi region. 	Golden Valley Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 6, 2002
GOE	Goldeneye Resources Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of assets locally and globally. The Company operates through two segments: the acquisition, exploration and development of gold properties in Canada, and the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties in the United States. The Company entered into a farm out agreement with Range Resources Midcontinent, LLC. (Range Resources) for two of the Company's leasehold interests. The agreement provides Range Resources the ability to commence drilling for oil and/or gas. After drilling has reached the targeted depth, Range Resources will either initiate completion of a well as a producer of oil and/or gas in commercial quantities, or plug and abandon the well as a dry hole. The Company will retain a proportional overriding royalty interest on the net production produced from within these leased lands. 	Goldeneye Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 2, 2011
GPY	Golden Predator Mining Corp., formerly Northern Tiger Resources Inc., is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on gold and copper exploration in the Yukon and Nevada. Its operating projects include: The Brewery Creek, Yukon, is a producing heap leach gold mining operation, which contains Indicated Oxide Mineral Resources of approximately 14 million tons at over one gram per ton gold and Inferred Oxide Mineral Resources of over nine million tons; 3 Aces, Yukon, which consists of over 1,100 contiguous quartz claims; Castle West, Nevada, which contains volcanic hosted, low sulfidation epithermal gold mineralization; Marg, Yukon, consists of over 400 quartz claims with a resource of copper, lead, zinc, silver and gold.; Clear Lake, Yukon, consists of over 120 quartz claims with sulphide deposit with a resource of zinc, lead and silver; Sonora Gulch, Yukon, consists of copper-molybdenum anomaly and Grew Creek, The Grew Creek Project contains over 600 quartz claims. 	Golden Predator Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 29, 2008
GGS	Golden Secret Ventures Ltd., formerly Lakewood Mining Co. Ltd., is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, evaluating and developing mineral resource properties. The Company holds a 100% interest in three claims located in the Kamloops Mining Division of British Columbia, known as the Beaton Claims. The Companys also holds claim on Owl Lake and Little Steel Lake mining, located in North-Central Ontario. 	Golden Secret Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 25, 1969
GLD	GoldON Resources Ltd., formerly Newcastle Minerals Ltd., is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the process of exploring its mineral properties and has not yet determined whether these properties contain ore reserves that are economically recoverable. The Company owns over three claim blocks totaling an area of approximately 6,621 hectares in the Swayze greenstone belt area of northwestern Ontario and has optioned the over 768-hectare Slate Falls property, which is a gold and silver prospect comprising three mineral claims near Slate Falls in northwestern Ontario and over 30 kilometers southwest of the Golden Patricia Mine. The Company owns an interest in one mineral claim covering an area of approximately 29 hectares, which is located in Ontario's Chester Township. The property is located approximately one kilometer north of Cote Lake deposit. The Company has not yet generated revenues from operations. 	GoldOn Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 14, 1977
GQC	GoldQuest Mining Corp. (GoldQuest) is a gold-copper development company. The Company is focused on its portfolio of gold-copper projects located within the Tireo Formation in the western portion of the Dominican Republic. The Company holds exploration permits to 23 concessions in the Dominican Republic, which are grouped into three districts: San Juan District, including La Escandalosa, Aguita Fria (Jenigbre), Valentin, Loma Los Comios, Loma El Cachimbo, Los Gajitos, Los Lechones, Descansadero, Tocon de Pino, Las Tres Veredas, Piedra Dura, La Tachuela, La Guinea, Toribio and La Pelada concessions (collectively referred to as the Tireo Property); Jarabacoa District, including Loma Oculta and La Rabona concessions, and Regional Exploration, including Loma El Catey, El Candongo, Pesquero, Loma La Damajagua, Hoyo Prieto and Recodo concessions. It operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, GoldQuest Mining (BVI) Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Goldquest Dominicana SRL. 	Goldquest Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 10, 2004
XAU	GoldMoney Inc, formerly BitGold Inc, is a Canada-based company engaged in gold-based financial services business. The Company provides financial services as a third-party, combining the gold with technology. Through GoldMoney platform, the Company offers precious metals custody, trading and execution, wealth management and research to individual investors and institutions. Through BitGold, the Company operates a self-directed savings platform and payments network allowing individuals and businesses to make or receive online, in-store or mobile payments. The Company offers Golden Heart referral program, which offers reward to the customers with free gold. The Company also provides BitGold Mobile Application, BitGold Checkout for merchants and the BitGold Prepaid Card. The Company allows users to purchase gold using currency through an automated teller machine (ATM) network. 	GoldMoney Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	July 30, 2015
GGY	Goldeye Explorations Limited is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of properties for the mining of precious and base metals. The Company's operational segment is engaged in exploration and evaluation of exploration properties. The Company's flagship property is Weebigee, located near Sandy Lake in Northwestern Ontario. The Company has additional properties in Ontario, which include Gold Rock, Thunder Cloud, Round Lake and West Shining Tree. It also has properties in British Columbia, including Todd Creek, and in Region V, Central Chile, including Sonia-Puma. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries, Minera Goldeye Chile Limitada and Silvereye Explorations Limited. 	Goldeye Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 24, 1986
GRM	Goldrock Mines Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in gold production. The Company is focused on the development of its 100% owned Lindero gold project located in Salta province, northwestern Argentina. The Company's portfolio consists of its Lindero heap leach oxide gold project and the adjacent Arizaro Copper-Gold (Cu-Au) porphyry deposit, which together cover an area of approximately 3,500 hectares (13.50 square miles). The maiden Arizaro resource at the reported around 0.2 grams per ton gold cut-off grade includes an indicated resource of around 338,000 gold ounces (30.95 million tons at 0.34 grams per ton gold) and an inferred resource of approximately 230,000 ounces (27.37 million tons at 0.26 grams per ton gold). Included within the reported resource is an indicated resource at around 0.3 grams per ton gold cut-off grade of approximately 205,000 ounces (13.40 million tons at 0.48 grams per ton gold) associated or adjacent to a magnetite breccia. 	Goldrock Mines Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	10	May 9, 1975
GDX	Goldex Resources Corporation is a Canada-based junior resource company exploring for gold in the Americas. The Company is in the process of exploring mineral interests through its subsidiaries Compania Minera El Condor S.A. (Minera) and Goldex Resources Mexico S.A. (Goldex Mexico). The Companys properties include El Pato, Cerro Las Minas, El Morro, El Mojon and El Arco. The Company has 100% interest in El Pato Property, El Arco and Cerro Las Minas Property. The Cerro Las Minas Property is located contiguous to the El Pato property in Guatemala. The property covered an initial area of approximately 61 square kilometers. The El Morro property is located north and west of the El Pato property. The property covered an initial area of approximately 88 square kilometers. It operates in Guatemala and Mexico. 	Goldex Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 16, 1987
GXS	Goldsource Mines Inc. is a Canada-based resource company. The Company is engaged in mineral exploration and development. The Company's Properties include Eagle Mountain Gold Project, Guyana and Border Coal Project, Saskatchewan. Eagle Mountain Gold Project is a 100% owned gold project. The project consists of an area of approximately 5,050 hectares in central Guyana, South America, approximately 200 kilometers southwest of the capital Georgetown and 45 kilometers. The Company's subsidiary, subsidiary Stronghold Guyana Inc. (Stronghold) holds a prospecting license on the Eagle Mountain Gold Project. The Eagle Mountain gold project has an existing NI 43-101 resource of 188,000 Indicated and 792,000 Inferred gold ounces. In Border Coal Project, Saskatchewan, the Company holds 23 coal mineral licenses comprising 12,214 hectares. 	Goldsource Mines Inc	Energy	Coal	4	
GDM	Goldstar Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company engaged in exploration of mineral properties in the Province of Quebec and the Province of New Brunswick. The Company is focused on developing high-value tungsten and related metals deposits in leading mining jurisdictions. The Companys properties include brockaby property, which is located roughly 75 km northeast of the town of Mont-Laurier, Quebec with 240 claims totaling 13,200 hectares; Julien property, which is located roughly 100 km east of the town of Matagami, Quebec with 405 claims totaling 22,500 hectares, and lake George property, which is located approximately 40 km west of Fredericton, New Brunswick, adjacent to the past producing Lake George antimony mine and is close to existing infrastructures with 247 claims covering approximately 5,280 hectares. The Companys winter 2014 drilling program tested induced polarization (IP) and magnetic anomalies for precious and base metals. 	Goldstar Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 25, 2010
GSX	Goldstream Minerals Inc. (Goldstream) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in northern Ontario. The Company's Hardrock East Project is located approximately 340 kilometers northeast of Thunder Bay and 40 kilometers east of the town of Long Lac in northwestern Ontario and covers 348 square kilometers in the Eastern portion of the Beardmore-Geraldton gold camp. The Hardrock East Project consists of four different properties, which include Milestone, Adel, Pagwachuan Lake (Pag Lake) and Klotz Lake. The Hardrock East Project consists of 100 contiguous claims (1,143 claim units), including 83 Klotz Lake patented claims, six Adel patented claims and 11 Milestone patented claims. 	Goldstream Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 10, 2010
GSR	Goldstrike Resources Ltd. (Goldstrike) is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring exploration and evaluation assets. The Company's properties include Plateau Area properties, Lucky Strike property, Summit property, Big One property, BRC property, Rockhaven Klaza area, Gull property, Little Jimmy property. Its other properties include Cando and Cando-2 properties. Its mineral projects include Yukon Gold properties. Goldstrike has three principal properties in the Plateau area: Plateau North, Plateau South and Plateau Northeast. The Lucky Strike property is located in the heart of the White Gold District. The Big One property is on trend between Northern Tiger's 3ACE discovery 52 kilometers to the southeast, and ATAC's Osiris discovery 270 kilometers to the northwest. The Gull property is located in the Logan Mountains 50 kilometers northwest of the Nahanni Range Road. The Little Jimmy property covers an area of deformed metamorphic rocks located east of the Tintina Fault. 	Goldstrike Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	5	October 25, 1989
GN	Gonzaga Resources Ltd. (Gonzaga) is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resources in Canada. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Kennedy River Project consists of two adjoining mineral claim blocks covering approximately 1,331 hectares located near Port Alberni on Vancouver Island, British Columbia .The Property covers roughly half of the historic Kennedy River Gold District and has potential to host significant zones of sheeted vein type gold mineralization. 	Gonzaga Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 8, 2010
GDN	Gordon Creek Energy Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas properties located in the United States. The Company owns and operates a producing natural gas field in Carbon County, Utah, known as the Gordon Creek field. The Company also owns a 100% interest in a non-producing oil project in Weston County, Wyoming. The Company operates in two geographic regions: the United States and Canada. The United States operations is primarily the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties and the production of oil and natural gas through participation agreements, while the Canadian operation is corporate support. The Company sells all of its production to one natural gas marketer. 	Gordon Creek Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 25, 1999
GSS	Gossan Resources Limited (Gossan) is a Canada-based exploration and evaluation-stage company. The Company explores and develops mineral resources. Gossan has a portfolio of properties hosting gold, platinum group and base metals, as well as the specialty and minor metals, vanadium, titanium, chromium, tantalum and lithium. The Company's property portfolio includes Bird River Property, which is located about 40 kilometers east of Lac Du Bonnet, Manitoba; Sharpe Lake Gold Property, a 16,615-hectare (41,055-acre) property, which covers 40 kilometers of the Stull Lake-Wunnummin Fault Zone (SWFZ); Rice Lake Gold Royalties, in which Gossan holds two net smelter return royalties in the Rice Lake Gold belt near Bissett, Manitoba; Inwood Magnesium Property, which is located in south-central Manitoba; Pipestone Property, a joint-venture property located in north central Manitoba, and Separation Rapids Property, a 240-hectare property located 58 kilometers north of Kenora, Ontario. 	Gossan Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4	June 16, 1980
GOP	Gourmet Ocean Products Inc. (Gourmet), formerly Megal Capital Corporation, is a Canada-based aquaculture company. The Company specializes in the production, distribution, marketing and sale of seafood products, including sea cucumbers, scallops and geoducks with distribution across the world. The Company operates in two categories: Hatchery and Trade. The Hatchery operation involves seed production of different shellfish species, including sea cucumber seeds, scallop seeds and oyster seeds. It conducts its hatchery activities in Courtenay, British Columbia, Canada. The sea cucumber seeds are supplied to its farming partners' tenure for grow-out in exchange for around 50% of grown sea cucumbers. It sells scallop and oyster seeds to independent farmers. Trade operations include purchasing of harvested sea cucumbers from Canada and the United States, processing and selling to customers in Asia-Pacific. Wen Lian Aquaculture Co. Ltd. is the Company's wholly owned operating subsidiary. 	Gourmet Ocean Products Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 8, 2008
GWA	Gowest Gold Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage resource company engaged in the exploration, development and acquisition of precious metals mineral properties. The Company is focused on the development of its 100 present owned, Bradshaw Gold Deposit, part of its North Timmins Gold Project. Gowest is also exploring additional gold targets on the 109 square kilometer NTGP land package it controls and continuing to evaluate acquisition targets in the vicinity of the Pipestone Fault area, part of the prolific Timmins, Ontario Gold Camp. The Companys North Timmins Gold Project currently covers one patented mining claim, eight mining leases and 67 unpatented mining claims over a total of 10,714 hectares in Evelyn, Gowan, Little, Prosser, Tully, and Wark Townships in the Timmins gold camp. &#160;This includes 26 unpatented mining claims held under joint venture with Transition Metals Corp. 	Gowest Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 27, 1982
GPW	Grand Power Logistics Group Inc. is a Canada-based logistics service company. The Company is a provider of logistics and related services in the Asia Pacific region. It operates through its wholly owned Hong Kong-based subsidiary, Grand Power Express International Limited (GP Express), and provides air-freight forwarding and sea-freight services, customs brokerage, logistics, warehousing and distribution, as well as other value added services. GP Express provides logistics services, including air freight and ocean freight services, rail and land transportation, global freight management services, customs brokerage, warehousing and distribution. It provides information technology (IT) solutions, which include Real-time Tracking System, E-booking/ Pre-alert, bar code labeling, reporting and IT system. GP Express' subsidiaries or branch offices are located in Macau, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Xiamen, Tianjin and Beijing in the People's Republic of China. 	Grand Power Logistics Group Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	--	April 1, 2004
GPG	Grande Portage Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for and development of natural resource properties, namely gold in Alaska and British Columbia. The Company's properties include Herbert Glacier gold property, Merry Widow/New Merry Widow property and Pass property. Herbert Glacier gold property consists of approximately 90 mining claims, located approximately 20 miles north of Juneau, Alaska. The Company is engaged in gold-copper mineral exploration in Merry Widow/New Merry Widow property, which is located on the east slope of Merry Widow Mountain in the Nanaimo Mining Division, approximately 40 kilometers southwest of Port McNeill on Vancouver Island, and consists of approximately 40 mineral claims. Pass property consists of approximately 10 mineral claims totaling approximately 337 hectares that is located on north-central British Columbia. The Company operates in both Canada and the United States. 	Grande Portage Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
GCX	Granite Creek Gold Ltd. Is a Canada-based company, engaged in exploration for gold, copper and molybdenumin Canada and Mali. The Companys projects include The Niaouleni Project, The Darsalam Gold Project, Bourdala Sud Ouest, the Troitsa Project and the Railway project. The Niaouleni Project consists of 94 Square Kilometres of Birimian Greenstone Geology located in Southern Mali, West Africa. Darsalam Gold Concession is located in western Mali, on the eastern margin of the prospective Birimian Gold belt, approximately 100km southwest of Kenieba. The Bourdala Sud Ouest Project is located 45 Kilometers south-west of the Sadiola Gold mine and 46 kilometers north of Loulo mine. The Troitsa Property is a 5611 hectare copper/molybdenum/gold project in the Huckleberry Mine area of central British Columbia. The Railway Property is a copper project in the Stikine arch area of northwestern British Columbia covering an area of 654 hectares. 	Granite Creek Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 23, 2010
GPM	GPM Metals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the mining of minerals. The Company operates primarily in four geographical segments: Guyana, Canada, Australia and Peru. The Company's principal mineral assets include 100% interest in the Pasco Gold concession, which is located in the Province of Pasco, Peru and consists of 1000 hectares of land; 100% interest in the Coppermine River project, which is located in Nunavut, Canada, and 100% interest in the Rory Claim Group, which is located in the Yukon Territory, Canada and consists of 265 staked claims. 	GPM Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 23, 2004
BUS	Grande West Transportation Group Inc. is a Canada-based bus manufacturer. The Company is engaged in manufacturing of the Vicinity branded transit buses. The Company operates in two segments: bus manufacturing and sales, and the sale of parts for the Vicinity buses in operation. The Company's Vicinity bus is a mid-size, community transit bus, which is in operation in the municipalities across Canada. The Company offers three models of Vicinity buses: approximately 27.5 feet, approximately 30 feet and approximately 35 feet. The Company's Vicinity buses features approximately 20 seated and approximately 15 standing capacity. The Company sells component inventory parts to its bus manufacturer in China. The Company operates through its subsidiary, Grande West Transportation International Ltd. 	Grande West Transportation Group Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	6	December 4, 2012
GGG	Graphene 3D Lab Inc., formerly MatNic Resources Inc., is engaged in the business of development and manufacturing of graphene-enhanced materials for three-dimensional (3D) printing. The Company, through Graphene Laboratories Inc., manufactures and distributes nanocarbon and graphene products. The Company develops and manufactures polymer nanocomposite graphene-based materials for various types of 3D printing, including fused filament fabrication, as well as the design, manufacture and marketing of three-dimensional printers and products for customers, including in the aerospace and automotive industries, manufacturers of medical prosthetics, and the military. The Company's conductive graphene filament is used to 3D print circuitry, capacitive touch sensors, and for electromagnetic and radio-frequency shielding. The Company also developed a 3D printed graphene battery technology. The Company also owns an e-commerce platform, Black Magic 3D (www.blackmagic3d.com). 	Graphene 3D Lab Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 18, 2011
GRK	nul	Gray Rock Resources Ltd			--	
GPH	Graphite One Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring exploration and evaluation properties. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of Graphite Creek Project. The Graphite Creek Property consists of around 129 mineral claims totaling approximately 6,799 hectares, on the Seward Peninsula of Alaska. The Graphite Creek Deposit consists of large-flake graphite and graphite one. 	Graphite One Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 16, 2006
GR	Great Atlantic Resources Corp., formerly Greenlight Resources Inc., is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and evaluation of its mineral property interests located in Atlantic Canada. The Company is in the process of exploring and developing its exploration and evaluation assets and has not yet determined whether the properties contain mineral reserves that are economically recoverable. The Companys properties include Brazil Lake Property, Kemptville Property, Keymet Property, Otter Lake, Christmas Island and Beaver Brook, among others. 	Great Atlantic Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 24, 1997
GBR	Great Bear Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company with interests in mineral properties in British Columbia and Inyo County, California. The Company is in the process of exploring its resource properties. The Company's business focus is to acquire and explore mineral properties. The Company's BA Project is located 30 kilometers east of Stewart, British Columbia, straddling paved highway 37A on the north flank of Cambria Peak. The Company's Perdito project is located in Inyo County, California, a mining district that hosts the producing Briggs gold mine of Atna Resources Ltd. The project covers a contiguous 7.5 kilometers by 6.5 kilometers area, with additional outlier claims. The Company's Millennium oxide gold project is located in Mohave County, Arizona, and overlies a volcanic-hosted oxide gold system. The project is located on Arizona state mineral leases and offers streamlined permitting and development prospects. 	Great Bear Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 6, 2001
GLK	Great Lakes Graphite Inc., formerly Shield Gold Inc., is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company's properties include Summit-Gaber Property, Buckingham Property, La Grande Nord Property and Lochaber Property. It has a 50% interest in the Summit-Gaber Property. The Summit-Gaber Property is located in the La Grande Greenstone belt, north-western Quebec. It has a 50% interest in certain mineral claims in the La Grande Nord Property, which is located in the La Grande Greenstone Belt, Quebec. The Buckingham property includes 31 unpatented mining claims covering a total of 1,552.73 hectors in two separate properties or claim blocks near Ottawa in Buckingham Township in the Outaouais area of western Quebec. The Lochaber Graphite Property consists of 151 mineral claims, in four contiguous blocks, covering 9,062 hectares in Buckingham and Lochaber Townships. 	Great Lakes Graphite Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 4, 2004
GQ	Great Quest Fertilizer Ltd., formerly Great Quest Metals Ltd., is an exploration company. The Company's principal activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of phosphate and gold mineral resource projects located principally in Mali, West Africa. The Company is focused on the fertilizer manufacturing business in Africa. Its wholly owned subsidiary, Great Quest (Barbados) Limited owns Great Quest Mali SA (GQ Mali), which is the majority shareholder (94%) of Engrais Phosphates du Mali SA (EPM). All interests in mineral properties in Mali are held by Great Quest Mali SA. Its Tilemsi phosphate project is located in Mali, West Africa and encompasses around 1,206 square kilometers in the Tilemsi valley of eastern Mali, prospective for phosphate mineralization. The project comprises three properties: Tilemsi, Tarkint Est and Aderfoul. The Tilemsi property hosts two target areas: Alfatchafa and Tin Hina. GQ Mali has interest in around 24 kilometers Sanoukou gold property. 	Great Quest Fertilizer Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	March 10, 1989
GTB	Greatbanks Resources Ltd., formerly Invenio Resources Corp., is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and development of the oil and gas. 	Greatbanks Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 20, 1996
GTG	Great Thunder Gold Corp., formerly Mill Bay Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for minerals, as well as the development of its mineral properties located in British Columbia and Nevada. Its properties include Valentine Mountain, BRX Claims and JDN Claims. The Valentine Mountain property consists of around 25 cell mineral claims covering approximately 7,188 hectares and two overlying cell placer tenures covering around 43 hectares. The BRX Claims consists of around nine mineral tenures comprising approximately 2,115 hectares in the Lillooet Mining Division of central British Columbia. The JDN Claims consists of around 27 mining claims located in Lander County, Nevada. The Company owns 100% interest in Valentine Mountaina Property and around 50% interest in BRX Claims and JDN Claims. 	Great Thunder Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 12, 1977
GAR	Green Arrow Resources Inc. (Green Arrow) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and, if warranted, developing mineral prospects. 	Green Arrow Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 14, 2013
GSW	Green Swan Capital Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and dealing in mineral properties in Canada. The Companys exploration assets include Peggy, Ryliejack, SK West, ElDee and AshleyGold properties in the Golden Triangle area, British Columbia. Peggy consists of five mining claims covering 1,633 hectares (Ha) north of Stewart. The Ryliejack tenure is a one mining claim covering 108 Ha, located Brucejack Valley. SK West tenure consists of five non-contiguous mining claims covering 1,831 ha, located in the prolific Eskay Creek area. ElDee consists of three non-contiguous mining claims covering 1,249 ha. AshleyGold consists of seven mineral tenures in British Columbias Golden Triangle covering 1,577 ha. Mikayla property is a prospective property in southeastern British Columbia covering 1144 hectares, located in the Okanagan Valley. Geneva Lake consists of four claims in the Benny Greenstone Belt in Hess Township, north of Sudbury, Ontario. 	Green Swan Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 28, 2008
GVY	Green Valley Mine Incorporated (Green Valley) is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral resource properties with a focus on British Columbia. The Company has two properties: the Beaton group of claims (100% interest) and the Wood Claims (100% interest). Green Valley holds interest in approximately 20 units, known as the Beaton 2 claims, and in over four units, known as the Snow claims located in the Kamloops Mining Division of British Columbia. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Wood Group of mineral claims, consisting of approximately 6,136 hectares located in the Kamloops Mining Division of British Columbia. In addition, the Company added the Vic 6, Vic 7 and Vic 8 claims consisting of approximately 411 hectares to the Wood Group of claims. 	Green Valley Mine Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 7, 1977
JTR	GreenSpace Brands Inc., formerly Aumento Capital IV Corporation, is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the development, marketing and selling of convenience natural food products to consumers across Canada. The Company's brand, Life Choices is focused on convenience meat products made with a range of combinations of grass fed and pasture raised meats, such as meat raised without the use of added hormones and antibiotics. Life Choices owns Rolling Meadow Dairy, which is a grass fed dairy product line; Holistic Choice, which is a natural pet food line, and Yamba Yogurts, which is an Australian style yogurt line. These brands are wholly owned by Life Choices and retail in a range of natural and mass food retail locations across Canada. It operates through Love Child (Brands) Inc. 	Greenspace Brands Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 11, 2013
JTR.WT	nul	Greenspace Brands Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
GRB	Greenbriar Capital Corp. (Greenbriar) is a Canada-based company engaged in developing renewable energy and real estate projects. The Company is primarily involved in the acquisition and development of wind and solar energy farms in the United States. The Company is developing wind and solar energy projects in Utah and Puerto Rico. In Utah, the Company is developing Blue Mountain, Utah Wind Energy Project (Blue Mountain), an 80 megawatt wind project. The Company's Puerto Rican project and its 100 Megawatt Master Power Purchase and Operating Agreement (PPOA) are held by the Company's subsidiary, AG Solar One, LLC. The Company focuses on acquiring, permitting, re-zoning, management, development and possible sale of commercial, residential, industrial, and renewable energy related real estate and energy projects in North America. 	Greenbriar Capital Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	April 2, 2009
VGN	Greencastle Resources Ltd. (Greencastle) is a diversified company with interests in gold and base metal exploration and oil and gas exploration and royalties. The Company's gold and base metal properties are at the exploration-stage. The Company has three segments: investments in private and public companies, oil and gas interests and mining interests. The Company's investment segment comprises its investment in marketable securities and investment in private companies. The oil and gas segment consists of its oil and gas interests. The mining segment consists of its mining interests in Canada and in the United States. The Company's oil and gas properties are located at Saskatchewan and Alberta. The Company also has mining interest in Jewel Ridge Prospect, Indian Creek Project, Nechako Property, ROK West Property, Rockstone Property and Charlie Creek Property. It also has investments in other companies. 	Greencastle Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 1, 2004
GNF	Greenfields Petroleum Corporation (Greenfields) is a Canada-based junior oil and natural gas exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the development and production of oil and gas reserves principally in the Republic of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijan). The Company owns a 33.33% interest in Bahar Energy Limited (Bahar Energy). Bahar Energy has an 80% participating interest in the Exploration, Rehabilitation, Development and Production Sharing Agreement (ERDPSA). 	Greenfields Petroleum Corp			9	August 18, 2011
GNF.DB	nul	Greenfields Petroleum Corp			--	
GVG	Grenville Gold Corp. (Grenville) is a Canada-based development-stage company. Grenville is a junior natural resource company. The Company's principal business is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. Grenville carries on mineral exploration projects in Peru. The Company owns 100% of the Silveria property which consists of 195 claims in the San Mateo Mining District in the Province of Huarochiri, Peru. The Company owns 100% of the Espanola property which consists of 17 claims in the San Mateo Mining District in the Province of Canete, Peru. 	Grenville Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 17, 1994
GRC	Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp., formerly Troon Ventures Ltd., is a Canada-based early-stage company. The Company seeks to purchase non-dilutive, revenue-based royalties in private and public small or medium enterprise (SME) companies across all sectors except oil and gas and mining commodities, pharmaceuticals and film. The Company focuses on investee companies with the probability of achieving long-term revenues combined with an opportunity for growth. 	Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp	Financials	Investment Services	0	February 20, 2014
GRC.DB	nul	Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	
GPV	GreenPower Motor Company Inc. (GreenPower), formerly Oakmont Minerals Corp., is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in developing electric powered vehicles for commercial markets. The Company offers electric powered transit buses deploying electric drive and battery technologies with a lightweight chassis and low floor body. GreenPower offers buses, such as EV250, EV300, EV350, EV400, EV450, EVC500 and EVC550. The EV250 is a 30 feet bus which accommodates around 28 people and standees. The EV300 is a 35 feet bus which accommodates around 34 people and standees. The EV350 is a 40 feet bus which accommodates around 40 people and standees. The EV400 is a 45 feet bus which accommodates around 44 people and standees. The EV450 is a 60 feet bus which accommodates around 60 people and standees. The EVC500 is a 45 feet coach which accommodates around 55 people. The EVC550 is a 42 feet double decker bus which accommodates around 88 people and standees. 	GreenPower Motor Company Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto & Truck Manufacturers	--	March 30, 2010
GZD	Grizzly Discoveries Inc. is a Canada-based early stage commodity exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of potash and diamonds on properties in Alberta, and precious metals on properties in British Columbia. The Company holds majority interest in: four precious metal properties in British Columbia, including the Greenwood Project and the French and Peak claims; the Alberta Potash Project consisting of two wholly owned and one 50% owned mineral claim blocks in Alberta with a total land surface area of approximately 363,000 acres, and the Alberta Diamond Project, covering a land area of approximately 200,000 acres. Its Greenwood Project's mineral claim blocks include Dayton-Sidley Block, Rock Creek Block, Copper Mountain Block, Sappho Block, Motherlode Block and Overlander-Attwood Block. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Grizzly Discoveries Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 31, 2002
GTA	GTA Resources and Mining Inc. (GTA) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company's properties include Northshore property, Auden property, Ivanhoe property and Burnt Pond property. The Northshore property is located four kilometers south of the town of Schreiber in Ontario. The Northshore property consists of two unpatented and five patented mineral claims (around 322.26 hectares) situated in the Township of Priske, Thunder Bay Mining Division, Ontario. The Auden property is located north of Highway 11 between the towns of Hearst and Longlac, in northern Ontario. The Auden property consists of around 1,748 claim units covering 28,000 hectares. The Ivanhoe property consists of around 829 claim units covering a portion of the western extension of the Porcupine Destor Fault Zone (PDFZ) and the northeast extension of the Borden Lake Gold Trend. The Burnt Pond property is located in Central Newfoundland. 	GTA Resources and Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 9, 2006
GSA	Groundstar Resources Limited is a Canada-based company engaged in domestic and international oil and gas development and exploration. The Company is engaged in identification and evaluation of oil and gas opportunities. The Company has interests in oil and gas properties in Canada, Egypt and Guyana. The Company's properties include West Kom Ombo block, West Esh El Mallaha block, and Takutu Basin petroleum prospecting license (PPL). In Alberta and Saskatchewan, the Company is in the process of evaluating production acquisition opportunities. The Company has a working interest in two upper Egypt blocks, the West Kom Ombo block, which lies west of the Nile river opposite the cities of Luxor and Aswan, and the West Esh El Mellaha block onshore Gulf of Suez, west of the city of Hurghada. The Company and its partner, Canacol Energy Ltd, are re-evaluating the seismic and well data to determine the location of the second commitment well in the Takutu Basin PPL. 	Groundstar Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	4	December 5, 2005
PGE	Group Ten Metals Inc., formerly Duncastle Gold Corp., is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The principal business of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. It focuses on platinum group metals, nickel and copper exploration in the Yukon Territory. It is also engaged in gold exploration at two projects in Ontario, which include various zones of gold mineralization. Its Spy, Ultra and Catalyst/CKR claims total over 280 square kilometers in the Kluane Ultramafic Belt. Its Catalyst/CKR claims cover approximately 16,310 hectares that are positioned northwest and southeast of the Wellgreen deposit. Its Spy claims cover over 3,100 hectares. Its Ultra claims cover over 8,600 hectares. Its Drayton claims cover over 1,500 hectares, located in the Patricia Mining Division. The Company's Yankee-Dundee claims cover about 360 hectares on the North Slope of Oscar Creek in the province of British Columbia. 	Group Ten Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 28, 2006
GV	Guerrero Ventures Inc., formerly Inlet Resources Ltd, is a junior resource company with a focus on acquiring mineral projects. The Company's mineral properties include Biricu Property and Broken Hill-Leo property. The Company, through subsidiary, Citation Minerals Inc., has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Biricu Project mineral exploration concession located in Guerrero State, Mexico. The Biricu Project comprises approximately 41,000 hectares of prospective ground. The Company is exploring the Biricu Project, directly adjoining Goldcorp (Los Filos) and Torex (El Limon-Guajes) in the Guererro Gold Belt in Mexico. The Company holds an option to acquire a 50% interest in the Broken Hill-Leo property, which comprises approximately 56 mineral claims (133 claim units), located approximately 150 kilometers north-east of Kamloops, British Columbia. 	Guerrero Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 20, 1961
GUF	Gulf & Pacific Equities Corp is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, management and development of anchored shopping centers in Western Canada. The Company's portfolio consists of three properties located in Northern Alberta. The three properties consist of Tri-City Mall, located in Cold Lake, Alberta, with gross lease area of approximately 141,289 square feet; St. Paul Shopping Centre, located in St. Paul, Alberta, with gross lease area of around 79,042 square feet, and a standalone property in Three Hills, Alberta with approximately 9,003 square feet of lease space. The Company also holds a vacant lot in Merritt, British Colombia. Red Apple Stores Inc. operates the premises of the Company's Three Hills property as The Bargain Shop. 	Gulf & Pacific Equities Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	April 8, 1998
GFL.P	Gulfstream Acquisition 1 Corp. is a capital pool company. The Company's business is to identify, evaluate and negotiate an acquisition or participation in a business or an asset. 	Gulfstream Acquisition 1Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 8, 2012
GX	nul	Guardian Exploration Inc			--	
GUL	Gulf Shores Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploring and developing petroleum and natural gas properties. The Company's segment is petroleum and natural gas exploration and development in Canada. The Company owns working interests in approximately two producing petroleum and natural gas properties. The Company is focused on the development of oil projects in Central Europe. The Company owns various working interests in certain wells in the Coothill and Welwyn areas of southeast Saskatchewan. The Company's subsidiary, Gulf Shores Petroleum Inc., is engaged in exploration activity in the United States. 	Gulf Shores Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
GUN	Gunpoint Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and exploration of precious metals located in the United States, Mexico and Guatemala. The Company's properties include Talapoosa project, La Cecilia property, La Gitana property and El Escorpion property. The Talapoosa Property is a low-sulphidation gold-silver property in the Walker Lane gold trend of western Nevada, approximately 45 kilometers east of Reno. The La Cecilia property is a low-sulphidation, epithermal-type gold-silver system related to two northwest and northeast trending sets of faults centered on Cerro Magallanes, a rhyolite dome complex. The La Gitana property is a low sulphidation epithermal system hosting precious metals mineralization that is both structurally and lithologically controlled. The El Escorpion property is located in the southeast of Guatemala City. 	Gunpoint Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	October 27, 1989
GUG	Gungnir Resources Inc., formerly Anglo Swiss Resources Inc., is a junior mineral exploration Company. The Company is engaged in business of the acquisition, evaluation and exploration of mineral properties. The Company is focused on exploration in Sweden with the goal of discovery of gold and base metal deposits. The Company evaluates opportunities for its flake graphite property in British Columbia. Its Sweden gold exploration properties, Knaften and Nordanas, cover 225 square kilometers within an under-explored and prospective area (Gold Line) in the Skellefte Mining District of northern Sweden. The Company's Blu Starr exploration and evaluation property is located in the Western Kootenay region of south-eastern British Columbia. The property covers the general area of the confluence of Slocan River and Little Slocan River. The property adjoins Eagle Graphite Corporation's graphite operation. 	Gungnir Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 27, 1995
GWQ	GWR Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has the right to exploration and development of copper and gold properties located in British Columbia. Its properties consist of approximately 400 square kilometers of claim groups located approximately 17 kilometers northeast of Lac La Hache in south central British Columbia. The Lac La Hache property consists of approximately 192 mineral claims with numerous drilled prospects, including two zones with in-house estimated geological resources, and the Spout Lake Copper-Magnetite-Gold-Silver Zones. The Lac La Hache Project is located on BC Highway 97 approximately 65 Kilometers south of WilliamsLake. 	GWR Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 13, 1987
HMT	Halmont Properties Corporation is a Canada-based company that invests directly in real estate and securities of companies holding property interests. The Company invests in commercial and forest properties and securities of companies with property interests. The Company has a 75% interest in a commercial real estate joint venture property in the financial district in downtown Toronto, Ontario. The Company holds a 25% common share equity interest in Haliburton Forest & Wildlife Reserve Ltd., which in turn owns approximately 80,000 acres of forest lands, a sawmill and other wood processing facilities. Continental Properties Inc. is the Company's principal subsidiary. 	Halmont Properties Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	June 6, 2000
HTL	Hamilton Thorne Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of precision laser devices and advanced image analysis systems for living cell applications in the fertility, stem cell and developmental biology research markets. The Company's laser products attach to inverted microscopes and operate as robotic micro-surgeons, allowing an array of scientific applications and in vitro fertilization (IVF) procedures. The Company's computer assisted sperm analysis (CASA) image analysis systems are designed for the study of reproductive cells in the human fertility, animal sciences and reproductive toxicology fields. The Company sells its products through its direct sales force and through distributors to fertility clinics, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, educational institutions and other commercial and academic research establishments around the world. 	Hamilton Thorne Ltd	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	February 19, 2007
HEC	Handa Copper Corporation (Handa) is a Canada-based junior resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of base metal and other mineral exploration projects around the world. The Company has entered into option agreements on two research permits in the Republic of Congo (Brazzaville) referred to as the Maboudou project and Banda Kayes project. Handa has also entered into option agreements with respect to two authorizations in the Republic of Congo (Brazzaville) referred to as the Makabana permit and the Divinie permit. In the Maboudou and Banda Kayes projects, the Company targets large, medium-to-high grade Copperbelt-style copper-cobalt deposits on the basis of the geological similarities between the West Congolian belt and the Central African Copperbelt. In the Maboudou and Banda Kayes, the Company has commenced the field activities associated with the first phase of the exploration program. 	Handa Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 10, 2009
HRL	nul	Hansa Resources Ltd			--	
HPY	Happy Creek Minerals Ltd. (Happy Creek) is a Canada-based mining exploration and development company. It acquires and explores mineral properties in British Columbia, Canada. Its projects include Rateria and West Valley properties in Highland Valley District; Cariboo Property, which includes Fox tungsten-moly property, Black Riders, Silverboss, Hawk property, Hen property and Art-DL property, and Revelstoke Property, which includes Silver Dollar property. The Company owns a 100% interest in nine properties located in British Columbia. Its advanced exploration and resource definition-stage properties include Rateria property, which has two copper zones, starting at bedrock surface located around 6.5 kilometers from a producing open pit at Teck's Highland Valley Copper mine, and Fox property, which has a discovery of tungsten and molybdenum in a mineral system. It has four early-stage properties, such as Silverboss property, Silver Dollar property, Hawk property and Hen-Art-DL property. 	Happy Creek Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 17, 2004
HNC	Hard Creek Nickel Corporation is engaged in acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company has a 100% interest in the Turnagain Nickel property located in the Liard Mining Division in northern British Columbia, approximately 70 kilometer east of Dease Lake. The 65 claims that comprise the Turnagain property are contiguous, cover an area of approximately 33,220 hectares. 	Hard Creek Nickel Corporation	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	January 17, 1983
HVG	Harvest Gold Corp. is a mineral exploration and resource development company. The Company is engaged in business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties, and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is complete. It is exploring and evaluating the Rosebud Gold Mine Property and has a mining lease on the RW Claims in Nevada, the United States and holds 40% of the Assean Lake Gold Property (Hunt), in Manitoba, Canada. The Rosebud Gold Mine property comprises approximately 50 contiguous unpatented claims covering an area of approximately 1,100 acres. Its RW claims cover approximately 1,000 hectares area in the southern Battle Mountain-Eureka Trend. The Assean Lake gold property, located north east of the city of Thompson, Manitoba, is a nickel, smelting and refining center. The Assean Lake gold property consists of around 60 claims covering approximately 9,600 hectares of land. 	Harvest Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 28, 2005
HWK.A	Hawk Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and production of conventional crude oil and natural gas in western Canada and is based in Calgary, Alberta. It has focused its exploration, development and acquisition efforts in the plains region of Alberta and Saskatchewan encompassing the Provost, Chauvin, Lloydminster and Coleville areas. The Lloydminster produces 550 barrels of equivalent per day (BOE/D). The Company has a working interest of 71% in approximately 49 (34.6 net) wells and surface production facilities. The Company has a 100% working interest in 4 (4 net) wells and surface production equipment which encompasses the Coleville and Hoosier areas. It has a working interest of 100% in approximately 18 wells and 100% working interest in a central battery, natural gas compressor and gathering system. 	Hawk Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	6	February 2, 2009
HEO	H2O Innovation Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in providing integrated technological water treatment solutions based on membrane filtration technology to municipal, energy and mining end users. The Company is also engaged in delivering drinking water and process water production, and wastewater treatment systems, including related services. It designs water treatment projects for the production of drinking water and industrial process water, the reclamation and reuse of water, and the treatment of wastewater, while providing a complete line of specialty chemicals, consumables and stainless steel couplings for membrane filtration and reverse osmosis systems. The Company offers a line of maple syrup production equipment, which includes H2O-Smartrek product line. It also offers the FiberFlex design, which consists of a skid that provides interchangeability and accommodates various types of modules similar to reverse osmosis elements. 	H2O Innovation Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	170	August 23, 1995
HGO	HAWKEYE Gold & Diamond Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resources in North America. The Company has an option to acquire the REX property. The REX property is a platinum group element (PGE) claim group consisting of approximately 150 claims totaling around 3,120 hectares. The REX property is located over 124 kilometers west of Whitehorse and eight kilometers south of Haines Junction in the Yukon Territory. The REX Property is subject to around 3% net smelter return (NSR). The REX Property is located along the Shakwak / Denali Fault system, which transects the Kluane Range Mountains and the Kluane Ni-Cu PGE Belt. The Company's exploration on the REX Property is focused on exploring for buried Wellgreen Type ultramafic hosted Ni-Cu-PGE deposits. The REX project area is underlain by an ultramafic intrusion. 	Hawkeye Gold and Diamond Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 5, 1988
HXC	HFX Holding Corp. is a Canada-based mineral resources company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's principal assets include its Kiwi property situated at Yukon Territory, Canada. The Kiwi Property consists of around 145 claims covering approximately 2,910.8 hectares (7,190 acres). The Kiwi Property is located around 75 kilometers north-northeast of the Village of Ross River, Yukon, and approximately 26 kilometers west of the North Canol Road (Yukon Highway 6). The claims overlie gold occurrences associated with intrusive rocks and north-west trending structures. The Kiwi Property is in the exploration stage. The Company is seeking for a new business opportunity. 	HFX Holding Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 25, 2010
HTR	Heatherdale Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on its 100%-owned Niblack Copper-Gold-Zinc-Silver Project. The 6,200?acre Niblack property is located on tidewater on Prince of Wales Island near to the City of Ketchikan in southeast Alaska, USAThe Niblack property consists of three rock units: the Footwall Succession, which consists of dacitic and basaltic volcanic and volcaniclastic rocks; the Felsic Succession, which consists of felsic flows and volcaniclastic rocks, which hosts all known sulphide occurrences, and the Hanging Wall Succession, which is made up of mafic volcano?sedimentary rocks and basaltic flows. A folded sequence of felsic volcanic rocks extends across the Niblack property, which hosts volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) mineralization. Six zones of copper?gold?zinc?silver mineralization have been identified on the property, which include Lookout, Trio, Dama, Lindsy, Mammoth and the Niblack mine. 	Heatherdale Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 16, 2009
HRC	Helio Resource Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of its gold projects in Tanzania and Namibia. The Company is engaged in all aspects of operations in both jurisdictions. The Company's properties include the SMP Gold Project, Tanzania and Damara Gold and Tin Project (DGP project), Namibia. The Company is focused on advancing its SMP Gold Project in Tanzania to a production decision, and outlining the resource potential at the DGP Gold Project in Namibia. The SMP gold project covers an area of approximately 238 square kilometers. The Company has completed an around 8,000 meters reverse circulation (RC) and diamond drill program at the SMP gold project, which is focused on adding additional resources from the Porcupine Target. The DMP project covers an area of approximately 722 square kilometers. The Company has identified a tin prospect located within the DGP project area. The Company has no mineral-producing properties. 	Helio Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 8, 1998
HME	Hemisphere Energy Corporation (Hemisphere) is a Canada-based producing oil and gas company, focused on developing conventional oil assets with low risk drilling opportunities. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas interests in Canada. It produces oil and natural gas from its Jenner and Atlee Buffalo properties in southeast Alberta. Jenner is located approximately 100 kilometers northwest of Medicine Hat, Alberta, and Atlee Buffalo is approximately 25 kilometers northwest of Jenner. Hemisphere has an average working interest of 92% in approximately 25,650 net acres (10,380 hectares) in Jenner, Alberta. The Company operates 100% of its wells in the Atlee Buffalo area. The Atlee Buffalo property is located in close proximity to its Jenner property in southeastern Alberta. It has a 92% working interest in approximately 7,192 net acres (2,911 hectares). 	Hemisphere Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 6, 1978
HEM	Hemostemix Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops and commercializes blood-derived cell therapies for medical conditions. The company's lead product ACP-01 is an autologous, blood-derived cell product that is in phase II clinical trial used for the treatment of critical limb ischemia. The Company is also developing other cell products, such as bone cell precursors (BCPs), myocardial cell precursors (MCPs), and neural cell precursors (NCPs). The Company operates a research, development and manufacturing facility in Kiryat Weizmann Science Park, Ness Ziona, Israel. 	Hemostemix Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	November 10, 2014
HBK	nul	Highbank Resources Ltd			--	
HPI	Highbury Projects Inc. (Highbury) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and development of the Moore Creek property in Alaska and any other exploration and evaluation assets and evaluation properties that the Company later acquires. The Company holds an interest in the Moore Creek Property, located in the Kuskokwim region of West Central Alaska. 	Highbury Projects Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 13, 2005
HI	Highland Copper Company Inc. (Highland) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Michigan, the United States. The Company's projects include White Pine copper project, Copperwood project and Keweenaw project. The White Pine copper deposit is located in the western Upper Peninsula of Michigan on the south side of Lake Superior. The White Pine copper deposit is a sediment-hosted stratiform copper-silver deposit. The Copperwood project is a sediment-hosted copper deposit in the Upper Peninsula. The Copperwood project is located on the southwest limb of the Western Syncline. The Keweenaw Copper Project, which hosts the 543S and G-2 deposits, covers approximately 9,000 acres of mineral rights. It has a lease agreement for the exploration and development of two areas totaling approximately 6,400 acres of mineral and surface ownership in the Upper Peninsula of the State of Michigan. 	Highland Copper Company Inc.	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 7, 2006
HVV	Highvista Gold Inc. (Highvista) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in Mexico and other jurisdictions. The Company's mineral properties include the Canasta Dorada project, which is located in the northwest corner of the State of Sonora, Mexico, in the Municipality of Caborca. The total property position controlled by the Company consists of approximately 24,055 hectares. The Canasta Dorada gold property consists of four concessions, such as Canasta Dorada concession, Canasta Dorada 1 concession, Batamote concession and Batamote 1 concession. The Canasta Dorada concession is about 2,500 hectares in area and the Canasta Dorada 1 concession is about 630 hectares in area. The Batamote concession is about 11,000 hectares in area and the Batamote 1 concession is about 10,000 hectares in area. Highvista is a subsidiary of Norvista Resources Corporation. 	Highvista Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 19, 2009
HJI	Helijet International Inc. is a Canada-based aviation services company. The Company operates through two streams: Contract Services and On-Demand Services. It supports Contract Services in the area of air medical provision for the British Columbia Air Ambulance Service. It supports On-Demand Services in the specialty areas of forest fire suppression; mining; oil, gas and energy exploration; remote sport fishing lodge transfers; aerial construction, and scheduled helicopter services. Its air operations are focused on passenger and goods air transportation, operating various types and sizes of aircraft with a range of operating capabilities allowing it to offer specialty air services in the schedule, charter and dedicated air medical fields. In addition, the Company through its subsidiary, Pacific Heliport Services Ltd., manages and operates public and private use heliports on the Nanaimo, Vancouver and Victoria city harbor waterfronts. The Company operates approximately 20 aircrafts. 	Helijet International Inc	Industrials	Airlines	0	March 1, 2000
HRH	Hillcrest Petroleum Ltd., formerly Hillcrest Resources Ltd., is in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing exploration interests in oil and gas projects in the United States. The Company has interests in the following significant oil and gas properties: Hartburg Project, Texas, and Gulf of Mexico Properties. The Hartburg Project is located in Newton County, Texas, which includes leases comprising 288 gross acres of developed lands and 762 gross acres of undeveloped lands. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Hillcrest GOM Inc., owns a portfolio of non-operated oil and gas properties in the Gulf of Mexico, within the shallow water shelf region offshore Louisiana. These comprise 10 leases containing five producing fields. 	Hillcrest Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	2	May 2, 2006
HMI	Hinterland Metals Inc. is a mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Company focuses its exploration activities in Canada on precious and base metals located in Quebec, New Brunswick and Ontario. It holds a portfolio of precious and base metal projects, including 10 properties in Quebec and one property in Ontario. Its projects include the Mozart Gold-VMS Project, Guyberry Gold Project, Lockout Gold project, Surprise Gold Project, Sakami Gold Project, Ebay PGE Project, Belleterre Copper-Nickel-PGE, Tolkien Gold Project, McIntyre Gold Project, Williams Brook Gold Project, Teck Gold Project and CC and TAK Gold Projects. The Quebec properties and Ontario property were acquired for gold but the Company is also exploring for platinum and palladium (PGE) on the Ebay property, copper-nickel-PGE on the Temiscaming area properties and rare earth elements on the Kipawa property. 	Hinterland Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 23, 1997
HSR	Homestake Resource Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company, which is engaged in identifying, exploring and developing gold and silver properties within North America. The Company operates two projects totalling 661 square kilometers in the Kitsault Mineral District. The Homestake Ridge Project, a gold-rich epithermal/VMS-related vein system is hosted within Eskay Creek equivalent stratigraphy, with three deposits containing NI 43-101 compliant resource estimates. The Homestake Ridge property has 26 mineral claims containing 200 units and seven crown grants for a total area of 3,617 hectares in the Skeena Mining Division. The Kinskuch Project is a 62,500 hectares property adjoining the Homestake Ridge project in the Kitsault Mineral district of northwestern British Columbia. The Kinskuch project includes the Illiance River target area, the Esperanza target area and the FH target area. Homestake Resource Corp holds a 10% interest in Bravada Gold Corp. 	Homestake Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 18, 1983
TUF	nul	Honey Badger Exploration Inc			--	
HPL	Horizon Petroleum Plc., formerly Acadia Resources Corp, is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of oil and gas properties. The Company is focused on oil and gas exploration and development in West Africa. The Company has not generated revenues from operations. 	Horizon Petroleum PLC	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 23, 2013
HBE	Hornby Bay Mineral Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based uranium exploration and development company. The Company's uranium mineral properties are located in Nunavut, Canada. The Company owns the Coppermine River Property, which consists of over 10 claims and 20 leases covering about 69,000 acres. The Company operates two mineral claims of the Coppermine River Property, covering 5,165 acres. The Company owns five mineral claims and one mining lease of a joint venture on a small portion of its land holdings with MIE Metals Corporation, covering 15,484 acres. The Company owns certain gold leases near Timmins, Ontario. The Company owns certain Crown grants in the Camsell and Similkameen area of British Columbia and a 5% net smelter return royalty interest on certain parts of the Similkameen Copper Mine. 	Hornby Bay Mineral Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	1996
HLM	Houston Lake Mining Inc. is a mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of hard rock, high grade metal resource properties. The Company focuses on the elements lithium, tantalum, rubidium and cesium by its experience exploring for lithium/cesium/tantalum (LCT) classified pegmatites. The Company is exploring its PAK Lithium Project containing the Pakeagama Lake pegmatite in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The PAK Lithium Project is located 160 kilometers north of Red Lake, Ontario in the Red Lake Mining Division and consists of approximately 420 units for a total of 6,672 hectares. The Company also owns the 2,496 hectare Tib Lake PGM Property, located in northwestern Ontario, Canada, which covers 100% of the Lower Zone of the Tib gabbro. 	Houston Lake Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 13, 1995
HIT	Friday Capital Inc. (Friday) is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company has not commenced commercial operations and has no assets other than cash. Friday is engaged in the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a transaction where the Company acquires assets, other than cash, by way of purchase, amalgamation, merger or arrangement with another company or by other means (a Qualifying Transaction). 	Hit Technologies Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	February 3, 2012
HTC	HTC Purenergy Inc. is a Canada-based company that participates in two industry Sectors: Energy Solutions, and Agricultural Products and Services. The Company operates in two segments: HTC CO2 Systems and Maxx. HTC CO2 Systems energy solutions for the power generation, oil and gas and industrial food grade CO2 markets. Maxx provides manufacturing sales and distribution services relating to oil and gas equipment supply and service, as well as fertilizer and grain handling solutions. Its products include the Guardian Pipe Handling Systems, Maxx Advanced Mud Control Systems, specialized drilling mud mixing and handling systems and customized frack water tankage and pond systems. The Company's Energy Solutions include Delta Purification, Maxx Energy, Pinnacle Industrial Services, and HTC CO2 Systems Corp. The Company's Agricultural Products and Services includes NuVision and GrainMaxx telescopic Swing Augers. 	HTC Purenergy Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	November 29, 1996
HWY	Highway 50 Gold Corp. is a Canada-based an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets located in British Columbia, Canada, and Nevada, the United States. The Company owns, or has the right to acquire an interest in, three projects located in Nevada, including the Golden Brew Property and the Porter Canyon Project. The Golden Brew claims (Golden Brew) consists of around 153 claims prospective for Carlin-style gold mineralization. Gold mineralization at Golden Brew consists of a zone of gold bearing jasperoid measuring 2,500 feet long and up to 200 feet wide, hosted in thin bedded platey Cambrian-aged carbonates. Porter Canyon consists of around 201 unpatented claims located in Lander County, Nevada that cover the projected north-eastern terminus of the Eastgate volcanic trough under pediment cover outboard of the Quito Mine. 	Highway 50 Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 9, 2004
HUD	Hudson Resources Inc. (Hudson) is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. Hudson is also engaged in acquiring, exploring and evaluating resource properties, and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company has three exploration licenses in Greenland, including Naajat (White Mountain) mineral claim, the Sarfartoq mineral claim and the Pingasut mineral claim. The Company focuses on the White Mountain anorthosite (calcium feldspar) project in Greenland. It is focusing on three markets for the anorthosite: a feed material for e-glass production, a source of alumina and other by-products, and filler and coatings material in the production of plastics and paints. The Company's exploration licenses total an area of approximately 700 square kilometers. 	Hudson Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 7, 2000
HMX	Hunt Mining Corp. is a precious metal exploration and development company. The Company's projects are located in the Santa Cruz Province of Argentina. It operates in Argentina through its wholly owned subsidiary Cerro Cazador SA. It holds mineral rights for over 31 properties with over 2,867 kilometer square. It has a range of gold, silver and base metal prospective projects. Its principal projects include La Josefina, Bajo Pobre and La Valenciana. The La Josefina Gold-Silver Project is a 528-square kilometer mineral reserve and consists of 15 manifestations of discovery, which are partially covered by 399 mining claims. Its La Valenciana Gold-Silver Project is a 296 square kilometer mineral reserve and consists of approximately 11 manifestations of discovery. Its Bajo Pobre project consists of a low sulphidation epithermal gold/silver vein and stockwork system located in the North-central region of the Deseado Massif in Santa Cruz, Argentina. 	Hunt Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 10, 2006
HMB	Humboldt Capital Corporation (Humboldt) is an investment company with its holdings focused in the resource sector. The Company's principal business is to purchase securities for investment income and capital appreciation over the long term. Humboldt's investment strategy of realizing value for investments where the Company holds a larger interest in the investee's equity is to sell the investment as part of a liquidity event, usually involving the entire investee being sold. Humboldt makes investments in businesses that have potential for growth. Humboldt has investments in western Canadian energy companies, international oil and gas companies and in the mining sector, with particular emphasis on companies exploring or producing commodities which Humboldt anticipates have growth potential in this stage of the economic cycle. Humboldt's portfolio is principally consists of relatively small capitalization companies listed primarily on Canadian, Australian and British stock exchanges. 	Humboldt Capital Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 16, 1984
HEI	Huntington Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and development of natural gas and oil properties in Western Canada. The Company's producing and exploration properties are Provost Alberta, Warwick Alberta, Bindloss Alberta and Pine Creek Alberta. The Company has 0.87% working interest in the Provost Veteran Viking Unit; 50% working interest in two wells located on one section of land; 100% working interest in 1152 hectares in the Bindloss area of Alberta, and 100% working interest in 1024 hectares of land in the Pine Creek area of Alberta. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Huntington Capital Inc. 	Huntington Exploration Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	November 28, 1995
IB	IBC Advanced Alloys Corp. (IBC), formerly International Beryllium Corporation, is a Canada-based Company engaged in the development and manufacturing of advanced alloys, in particular beryllium alloys and specialty copper alloys. It also focuses on beryllium mineral exploration. IBC can be used in its pure form or combined with other metals to form unique alloys for essential applications for the nuclear, aerospace, medical, automotive, electronics and defence industries. It operates in three aspects: manufacturing, research and mineral exploration. It provides manufacturing and support services, including casting and master alloy products, cast and forged billet products, semi-continuous cast input billets and wrought products. It operates in copper alloys division and beryllium aluminium division. IBC owns a 100% interest in the Boomer mine located in the Lake George beryllium district. IBC US Holdings, Inc., Freedom Alloys, Inc., Nonferrous Products, Inc. are its subsidiaries. 	IBC Advanced Alloys Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	75	December 11, 2002
IBT	IBEX Technologies Inc is a Canada-based Company that manufactures and markets enzymes for biomedical use. The company produces a family of high purity recombinant glycosaminoglycan (GAG) lyases, namely Heparinase I, Heparinase II, Heparinase III, Chondroitinase AC and Chondroitinase B. It also produces a series of arthritis assays which are used by pharmaceutical companies for research purposes. The Company has proprietary expression system in Flavobacterium heparinum and produces these enzymes at the highest purity. Heparinase I rapidly and specifically neutralize both unfractionated heparin as well as low molecular weight heparin, allowing baseline hemostasis to be monitored in the presence of these anticoagulants. 	IBEX Technologies Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	15	September 2, 1977
IMA	I-Minerals Inc. is an exploration-stage company, which is engaged in the exploration and development of the Helmer-Bovill industrial minerals property (the Helmer-Bovill Property). The Helmer-Bovill Property, which is owned by the Company, consists of around 11 mineral leases totaling approximately 5,140.64 acres located approximately six miles southwest of Bovill, Latah County, Idaho. The Helmer-Bovill Property is a development-stage open pit mining operation which produces quartz sand, K- feldspar sand, kaolinite clay, metakaolin clay and halloysite clay. The Company's operations at the Helmer-Bovill Property are focused on developing the Bovill Minerals Mine and the WBL Tailings Project. The Bovill Minerals Mine has around four deposits: Kelly Hump, Kelly South, Middle Ridge and WBL. The Bovill Minerals Mine has measured resources of around 3.3 million tons and indicated resources of around 7.9 million tons. The WBL Tailings Project is feldspathic sands deposits. 	I-Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 22, 2004
IDW	ID Watchdog, Inc. (ID Watchdog) is a Canada-based company that provides a range of identity theft detection, protection and resolution services through its subsidiary, Identity Rehab Corporation. The Company offers identity theft detection, protection and resolution services to individuals and families on a subscription basis. The Company's products include ID Watchdog PLUS and ID Watchdog PLATINUM. ID Watchdog PLUS includes components, such as basic identity monitoring, advanced identity monitoring, cyber monitoring, e-mail and short messaging service notifications, full-service identity restoration, credit report monitoring and NPI monitoring. ID Watchdog PLATINUM includes all of the components of ID Watchdog PLUS, as well as it includes credit reports and scores component. 	ID Watchdog Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	May 13, 2008
IRI	IEMR Resources Inc. is a junior mining company. The Company's property consists of 61 claims (510 hectares) located in the Pilot Mountains, Mineral County, western Nevada. The Pine Tree Project lies in an area that is a host to active small-scale mines and operations. These include the Santa Fe gold mine located approximately 14 miles north of the project. The Company's investment includes copper, chromium, nickel, manganese, uranium, platinum silver, diamonds and molybdenum. Pine Tree Resources Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	Iemr Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 8, 2008
IDM	IDM Mining Ltd. (IDM), formerly Revolution Resources Corp., is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing natural resource properties in British Columbia and the United States of America. The Company has two projects: Red Mountain gold project, which is located near Stewart, and Champion Hills, which is located near North Carolina (NC). The Company has interests in approximately 704 acres within the Champion Hills Mineral Trend, North Carolina. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include Storgold Resources Ltd (Canada), Revolution Resources (NC) Inc. (United States of America), Minera Revolution, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) and Minera Golondrina, S. de R.L. de C.V (Mexico). 	IDM Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	July 14, 2009
ICM	Iconic Minerals Ltd. is a mineral exploration company, which is engaged in acquisition and exploration of gold and lithium properties in Nevada, and uranium and gold properties in Canada. The Company operates through the acquisition and exploration of properties segment. The Company's properties in the United States include Hercules Property, New pass Property and Squaw Creek Property. The Hercules Property is situated within and on the margins of the Como mining district, located in Lyon County, Nevada. The New Pass project is a gold and silver property, which consists of approximately 110 lode mining claims in over 2,230 acres. The New Pass property is located in eastern Churchill County, Nevada. The Squaw Creek property is located approximately 40 miles due north of Battle Mountain, Nevada and lies between the Midas and Ivanhoe mining districts on the northern portion of the Carlin Trend. The Company's properties in Canada include Yellow Lake and Four Lakes. 	Iconic Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 14, 1979
IML	Iberian Minerals Ltd., formerly Solid Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based junior mining company focused in the Iberian Peninsula. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Company has 100% interest in the Doade-Presqueira Property, which is located in northwestern Spain and is 3,690 hectares in size. The property is under exploration for lithium, tantalum, tin, rubidium and cesium. The Company's Cehegin Iron Ore Concession consists of 62 iron ore concessions and metallic mining licenses, covering an area of 1,030 hectares, located in south eastern Spain. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Solid Mines Espana S.A. and MineWorx Technologies Inc. 	Iberian Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 3, 1986
IKM	Ikkuma Resources Corp. (Ikkuma), formerly Panterra Resource Corp., is a diversified junior public oil and gas company. The Company has holdings in conventional Foothills projects in Western Canada. All of the Company's oil and gas properties are located onshore in the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. Its properties include Northern Foothills in British Columbia, and Northern Foothills, Southern Foothills and Central Alberta in Alberta. Northern Foothills in British Columbia includes the Ojay area, in which the Company has an interest in approximately 27,387 gross (19,831 net) acres in this area. Northern Foothills in Alberta includes the Narraway, Lynx, Palliser, Findley, and Copton areas. Southern Foothills area is concentrated in the Burnt Timber and Moose Mountain areas. Central Alberta area includes Tomahawk, Carrot Creek and Gadsby areas (Panterra legacy assets), in which the Company has an interest in approximately 15,925 gross (7,675 net) acres. 	Ikkuma Resources Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 27, 2005
ICO	iCo Therapeutics Inc. (iCo) is a Canada-based biotechnology company principally focused on the identification, development and commercialization of drug candidates to treat sight-and life-threatening diseases. The Company principally focuses on in-licensing drug candidates with a clinical history, and re-dose, reformulate and develop drug candidates for the treatment of sight-and life-threatening diseases. The Company's product candidates include iCo-007, iCo-008 and an Oral AmpB Delivery System. The Company has initiated Phase II clinical trial for iCo-007. iCo-008 is a human monoclonal antibody that is offered to treat sight threatening forms of allergic conjunctivitis by neutralizing eotaxin-1, a ligand to the chemokine receptor CCR3. Oral AmpB Delivery System is a toxic option for the treatment of serious systemic fungal infections. The Company has completed pre-clinical studies for iCo's Oral AmpB Delivery System. 	iCo Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	5	February 15, 2005
IPT	Impact Silver Corp is a Canada-based silver producer with two contiguous mineral districts in south-central Mexico the 423 square kilometer Royal Mines of Zacualpan Silver District and the 200 square kilometer Capire-Mamatla Silver District. The Company owns and operates the 500 ton per day Guadalupe Production Centre in Zacualpan and the 200 tons per day Capire pilot plant at its Capire Production Centre, located 16 kilometers southwest of Zacualpan. The Company has four producing silver mines across the two districts, the underground San Ramon Mine, Noche Buena Mine and Cuchara-Oscar Mine feed the Guadalupe Production Centre, and the open pit Capire Mine feeds the pilot operation at the Capire Production Centre. 	IMPACT Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 12, 1987
IFX	Imaflex Inc. (Imaflex) is a Canada-based company which specializes in the manufacture and sale of custom-made polyethylene films and bags suited for various packaging needs of its customers. The Company is primarily a provider of polyethylene films to converters, who process film into a finished product. The converting process involves printing the required information on the film that it supplies them based on their end customer's needs. It also manufactures bags that are sold for a variety of uses, including garbage bags. Additionally, the Company produces specialized metallized film for specific agricultural usage. Its operational segment is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of packaging materials. Its divisions include Canguard Packaging, which specializes in the manufacture and sale of polyethylene garbage bags for both the retail and industrial markets, and Canslit, which specializes in the metallization of plastic film. It operates four manufacturing facilities. 	Imaflex Inc	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	110	February 8, 1995
IDL	Imaging Dynamics Company Ltd. is a Canada-based medical technology company that focuses in field of digital radiography (DR) equipment. The Company's technology produces digital diagnostic images. The Company's purpose is to replace the need for film and chemical film processing, as well as the storage and retrieval costs associated with traditional X-ray technology. The Company provides a solution for producing diagnostic images compared to traditional analog imaging. The Company is organized into five sales geographic areas consisting of Asia-Pacific, Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) & South Asia (SA), Latin America and the United States. These regions are organized to manage sales and distribution channels. 	Imaging Dynamics Co Ltd	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	23	May 25, 1995
IMM	Immunotec Inc. is a Canada-based company that develops, manufactures and markets research-driven nutritional products. The Company markets its products through direct-to-consumer sales channels across Canada, the United States and Mexico. The Company also subcontracts certain distribution logistics and manufacturing capacity activities in the United States, Europe and Mexico to support its activities. It manufactures and markets natural health products and dietary supplements. 	Immunotec Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	0	January 1, 2007
IEI	Imperial Equities Inc. (Imperial) is a Canada-based company, engaged in development and redevelopment of commercial and industrial properties primarily in Edmonton and throughout Alberta. The Company operates in two business segments: pharmaceutical segment and real estate segment. The Companys investments include properties with untapped potential which the Company then renovates and improves the investment to maximize its value and ultimate financial return. The Company holds a growing supply of banked land in traffic industrial corridors which has been earmarked for build-to-suit opportunities. Imperial also distributes pharmaceutical products to the institutional and retail customers through its wholly owned subsidiary, Imperial Distributors Canada Inc. 	Imperial Equities Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Drugs	--	July 11, 1996
IGP	Imperial Ginseng Products Ltd. (Imperial) is engaged in the cultivation and processing of ginseng in the province of Ontario. The Company is involved in selling the dried ginseng to wholesalers in Asia and North America through distributors. The Company operates its business through its subsidiary, Canadian Imperial Ginseng Ontario Ltd. The Company owns a processing facility in Otterville, Ontario and its farm operations are primarily in Ontario. The Company has harvested approximately 110 acres and produced a total of approximately 172,000 pounds (lbs) of ginseng. Ginseng is sold in a range of different product forms, including whole roots, powders, capsules, tablets, teas, liquid extracts, tonics, candy, chewing gum, face lotion, shampoo, tobacco and isolated capsulized glycosides. 	Imperial Ginseng Products Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	--	April 6, 1989
LAB	Imperus Technologies Corp., formerly ISIS Lab Corporation, is a Canada-based is a developer and provider of software platform enabling the monetization of game or application developed for gaming within a social network. The Company merges a gamblification engine with the regulated social gaming platform. The Company is focused on the development and marketing of its software platform, by way of licensing agreements to operators engaged in real money gaming, and are licensed in fully regulated markets, and its social gaming only version to suppliers operating in non-regulated markets. The Company offers services to its licensees, which include software development services, marketing services, user engagement and retention services, hosting, and other technical services, as well as the sale of hidden object computer games. 	Imperus Technologies Corp	Technology	Software	--	February 9, 2011
INX	In-Touch Survey Systems Ltd. (In-Touch) develops managed mobile software technology and services for private businesses, governments and regulators. The Company is engaged in the design, development and implementation of data capture and measurement technologies for business to consumer companies (B2C) striving to connect with prospects, customers, suppliers, employees and managers. In-Touch has developed software platforms, including EventMatrix, OpsMatrix and Unified Insights that provide for the development of data collection programs, including lead capture at events, mobile checklists, audits and forms creation, including real-time online reporting. In-Touch also uses its technology to enable its own data collection services, including mystery shopping, third-party audit and customer experience programs through its Service Intelligence (SI) brand, as well as audit verification programs through its GCS Field Research (FR) brand. 	In-Touch Survey Systems Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	January 24, 2002
ILA	iLOOKABOUT Corp. is engaged in the visual and data intelligence business. The Company is engaged in collecting, processing and geocoding street-level image data, providing image and related data management and analysis software and tools, aggregating additional value-added property-based data, and providing custom application programming and other professional services. The Company's products include StreetScape, which is an image database and GeoViewPort, which is a Geographic Information System (GIS) application. GeoViewPort enables the user to generate a customized portal to view multiple elements related to a property, such as street level imagery, aerial imagery, validated addresses, property values and property features, among others. The StreetScape image database is compatible with mapping applications, such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, Pictometry, ESRI, Intergraph, Bentley and Autodesk, among others and is accessible through the Company's Web service. 	iLOOKABOUT Corp	Technology	Software	14	April 1, 2008
IMR	Adroit Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on creating shareholder value by finding and developing diamond and base metal resources in various areas of the world. The Company has a range of properties located in Ontario, Canada. The Company's exploration properties include Canadian properties, including Temagami North Property, The Argentia Ridge Property, Simon Copper Property, South Zone Drilling, Niemetz Property, West Hudson Property, Red Vein Property, Little Pigeon Lake Property, Grassy Lake Property, Halliday Lake Property and Nursey Lake Property. The Company's Argentia Ridge Property is located approximately three kilometers south of Silver Centre. Its Niemetz Property is located approximately 20 kilometers southwest of the town of Temagam and covers approximately 370 hectares. The Simon Copper Property is over 10 kilometers north of the village of Denbigh, Ontario. 	iMetal Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 28, 1988
IO	Inca One Gold Corp., formerly Inca One Resources Corp. (Inca One), is Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties, as well as developing toll milling operations, in Peru to service government permitted small scale miners. The Corizona Project consists of approximately 259 hectares located in the Lahuaytambo District, Huarochiri province in the Department of Lima, in the area known as Cruz de Laya and La Mina, approximately 85 kilometers from the city of Lima. The Las Huaquillas Property is located in the Department of Cajamarca in northern Peru. It is accessible by road and is situated at a relatively low elevation of between 1,000 to 1,800 meters. 	Inca One Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	November 26, 2010
IGO	Independence Gold Corp. is a Canada-based company principally engaged in the evaluation, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties that are located in central British Columbia and the Yukon Territory. The Company holds interests in one exploration project in central British Columbia and several projects in the Yukon Territory. Its 3Ts Project is located approximately 120 kilometers southwest of Vanderhoof and consists of six contiguous claim groups that are made up of fourteen mineral claims covering approximately 4,934 hectares. Its Snowcap Project is located in Whitehorse Mining District and consists of four properties totaling approximately 888 quartz mining claims covering approximately 19,800 hectares. Its Henderson property consists of 742 quartz mining claims covering an area of approximately 15,500 hectares. Its Moosehorn property consists of 82 quartz mining claims covering an area of approximately 1,720 hectares. 	Independence Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 1, 2011
IDI	nul	Indico Resources Ltd			--	
IXI	Indigo Exploration Inc. is a junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company focuses on gold exploration in the Republic of Burkina Faso, West Africa. It holds six gold properties comprising four gold projects of Burkina Faso located in the Republic of Burkina Faso. Its Kodyel permit consists of 191 square kilometers and lies about 300 kilometers east of Ouagadougou. It also has 100% interest in the Moule Gold Permit, which covers 249 square kilometers of Birimian greenstone geology and is located in western Burkina Faso. It has 100% interest in Lati permit, which covers 246 square kilometers and is about 150 kilometers to the west of Ouagadougou. Its Loto exploration permit covers 93 square kilometers and is located in the Boromo greenstone belt. It also has 100% interest in the Tordo permit, which covers 143 square kilometers and lies about 150 kilometers east of Ouagadougou. 	Indigo Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 29, 2008
IRR	Inform Resources Corp. (Inform) is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing natural resources properties in the Yukon Territory, Canada. The Company has 100% interest in the La Liga Property. It staked 1363 quartz mining claims covering 28,486 hectares at the La Liga Property within the Faro Mining District of the Yukon Territory. The La Liga property is located approximately 70kilometers northwest of Faro, and lies along the northwestern boundary of Silver Range Project. 	Inform Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 2, 2010
IOT	Innovotech Inc. is a Canada-based company, which provides practical services and solutions for dealing with medical, agricultural and industrial problems caused by microbial biofilms. The Company is engaged in the sales of its products, conducting contract research for outside customers and research and development to identify products for future commercialization. The Company's products include human and veterinary biofilm susceptibility tests, a seed treatment designed to combat both bacterial and fungal diseases, and an assay used in growing microbial biofilms for research purposes. Its contract research specializes in solving biofilm issues and assembles data packages for regulatory applications required by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other regulatory bodies for implant medical devices. Its lead product, InnovoSIL-1, has completed the proof-of-concept phase that demonstrated that InnovoSIL-1 eliminates microorganism. 	Innovotech Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	16	January 31, 2001
IVQ.P	Inovent Capital Inc. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company has no business operations. The Company's principal purpose is the identification, evaluation and acquisition of assets, properties or businesses, or participation therein subject, in certain cases, to shareholder approval and acceptance by the Exchange. The Company intends to primarily pursue a qualifying transaction in the technology or industrial sector, and other business sectors for its proposed qualifying transaction. 	Inovent Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 23, 2012
INP	Input Capital Corp. (Input) is a Canada-based agricultural commodity streaming company. The Company is engaged in the streaming of agricultural products, primarily, canola, across western Canada. Input enters into canola streaming contracts (Streaming Contracts) whereby it makes upfront payments to canola farmers in return for a fixed amount of canola produced by the farmer each year of the term of the Streaming Contract. Input sells its canola to grain handling companies and canola crushing plants located across Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba, and in the northern-most states of the United States. The Company's canola streaming portfolio consists of six geographically different streams. Approximately 59 of the Company's canola streams are with family farms in Saskatchewan, six are located in Alberta and three are in Manitoba. 	Input Capital Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	July 19, 2013
LND.DB	nul	Inspira Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ITG	Intact Gold Corp, formerly First Americas Gold Corporation is an exploration company. The Company is engaged in the mineral exploration and development with focus of operations in western North America. The Company's business is to acquire, explore, and develop interests in mining projects. The Company has an option to earn 100% interest in over 60 contiguous mining claims consisting of approximately 11,592 hectares, which includes the Kamloops Au Cu (Chu Chua) Property. The property is located in the Kamloops Mining Division, approximately 24 kilometers northeast of Barriere, British Columbia. There are approximately seven mineral occurrences on the property. The Company's Gold Basin Property consists of approximately 7,700 acres of mineral rights and mining claims in North Western Arizona. The Company stakes over 30 lode mining claims South East of Salmon, Idaho, the Unites States. The Company has not yet generated any revenue. 	Intact Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 3, 2007
LND	Inspira Financial Inc, formerly Chrysalis Capital IX Corporation, is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in marketing a range of alternative financial services. The Company markets its services to various healthcare providers and their patients across the United States. It provides services to healthcare providers, such as home health, physician groups, oncology, acute care hospitals, accountable care organizations, behavioral health, physical therapy, home medical equipment, assisted living cardiology, hospice, clinic, medical devices, pharmaceuticals, medical software, medical transportation, surgery centers, and pharmacies, among others. Its products include Revolving Line Of Credit (RLOC), which requires a site visit and use of a controlled deposit account, and Instant Line Of Credit (ILOC) funds, which are provided within 48 hours of completing the process. It provides RLOC for various purposes, including making payroll, to acquire assets and to pay back taxes, among others. 	Inspira Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 17, 2013
ICG	Integra Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage resource company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. It is focused on Lamaque gold project (consisting of the Lamaque South and Sigma-Lamaque properties) located in Val-d'Or, Quebec. It holds a number of properties in Canada, which are separated into three resource property groupings: Lamaque properties, the Abitibi Greenstone Belt properties in Quebec and Ontario, and the British Columbia properties. The Lamaque South Gold project is located approximately 550 kilometers northwest of Montreal. The property consists of around four contiguous mining concessions and 20 mining claims for a total of around 1,512 hectares. The project is split into two main clusters, the North and the South Clusters. The South Cluster consists of the No. 4 Plug, Triangle and Triangle South zones. The North Cluster consists of the Parallel, Fortune, No. 5 Plug, and No. 3 Mine zones. 	Integra Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	
IGX	IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (IntelGenx) is a drug delivery company focusing on the development of orally administered drug delivery products-based on its oral drug delivery technologies. The Company is a provider of product development services for the pharmaceutical industry. It develops product-based on three delivery platform technologies: VersaFilm, an Oral Film technology; VersaTab, a Multilayer Tablet technology, and AdVersa, a Mucoadhesive Tablet technology. The Oral Film technology consists of a thin (25-35 micron) polymeric film consisting of United States Pharmacopeia (USP) components. The VersaFilm technology is intended for indications requiring rapid onset of action, such as migraine, opioid dependence, motion sickness, erectile dysfunction, and nausea. Its product portfolio includes INT0001/2004, INT0004/2006, INT0007/2006, INT0008/2007, INT0010/2006, INT0024/2010, INT0027/2011, INT0030/2011, INT0036/2013, INT0037/2013, INT0039/2013 and INT0040/2014. 	Intelgenx Technologies Corp	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	12	July 27, 1999
ITM	Intema Solutions inc. (INTEMA) is a Canada-based company engaged in providing consulting services in marketing and Web services. The Company provides its customers two e-mail platforms and technology to manage the content and activities related to e-mail campaigns. The Company provides a range of products and services, including predictive marketing, search engine marketing, as well as programming and integration. The Company offers mobile applications; Websites and microsites, and e-mail marketing. The Company offers Website planning, designing and producing in accordance to the customer's business model. The Company's technologies include Predictive Marketing Engine, Konversation and eFlyerMaker. 	Intema Solutions Inc	Technology	Software	--	September 1, 2003
IRO	Inter-Rock Minerals Inc. is engaged in the production and marketing of dolomite throughout the United States. The Company markets its dolomite to the animal feed, glass, roofing and aglime industries. The Company is also engaged in mineral exploration in the western United States. It owns MIN-AD, Inc. (MIN-AD), Mill Creek Dolomite, LLC (Mill Creek) and Secret Pass Gold, Inc. (Secret Pass). MIN-AD and Mill Creek are both engaged in the production and marketing of dolomite for specialty markets. Secret Pass carries out some minor mineral exploration activity in the western United States. The Company has three segments: Mill Creek, MIN-AD and Other. Mill Creek produces a uniform composition, low decrepitation dolomite for glass furnaces where it serves as a flux, which assists melting and adjusts the melt viscosity, and a source of magnesium and calcium. MIN-AD mines, processes and markets a specialty dolomite for the beef and dairy cattle feed industry. 	Inter Rock Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	40	June 13, 1952
IES	Intercept Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas service company. The Company's primary business is providing a technology that heats water used in the fracturing process by exploration and production companies operating in Canada and the United States. The Company's operational segment is engaged in oilfield services. Through the utilization of HE Heaters, the Company is able to reduce fuel consumption and emissions. The Company's heating technology called the BIG HEAT, is a propane powered Frac Water Heating System that provides a heating method. The Company offers services, such as Water Heating Units and Power Tongs. The Company has six Thru-Tubing Power Tong Units: two Diesel Powered, Air over Hydraulic Driven; two Diesel Powered, Electric over Hydraulic Driven, and two Diesel over Hydraulic Driven. 	Intercept Energy Services Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	October 25, 1995
IVC	Interconnect Ventures Corporation is a Canada-based tier two mining issuer. The Company is principally engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. 	Interconnect Ventures Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 14, 2011
IBH	International Barrier Technology Inc., formerly Barrier Technology Inc., develops, manufactures and markets fire resistant building materials designed to help protect people and property from the destruction of fire. The Company uses a non-combustible, non-toxic Pyrotite formulation that is used to coat wood panels and has application to engineered wood products, paint, plastics and expanded polystyrene. Pyrotite is a fire-barrier material consisted of the formulation reinforced with chopped fiberglass strands and applied adhered directly to structural sheathing (oriented strand board (OSB) or plywood) designed to prevent ignition and inhibit the spread of flames. The Company sells coated wood panel products to builders through building product distribution companies all over the United States. The Company's subsidiaries include Pyrotite Coatings of Canada Inc. and Barrier Technology Corporation. 	International Barrier Technology Inc	Industrials	Construction - Supplies & Fixtures	16	July 1986
IFR	International Frontier Resources Corporation is engaged in the exploration for and development of oil and natural gas reserves. The Company's activities are conducted in the Central Mackenzie Valley (CMV), Northwest Territories (NWT), Canada, south east Alberta, Canada, and north-west Montana in the United States. The Central Mackenzie Valley (CMV), NWT is an under explored hydrocarbon area with potential for oil and gas extraction. It owns approximately 8% of significant discovery license in the Summit Creek area. It holds approximately 8% in crown lands and 25% in TDL M-38. EL - 495 license covers an area of approximately 163,124 acres. The Company operates six producing oil wells and an oil battery located in the Alderson area of southern Alberta and has a 100% interest in 1,120 acres of land located near Manyberries in southeastern Alberta. Its drilling in the area focuses on a light, tight oil fairway, which extends from Southwestern Alberta in to Northwestern Montana. 	International Frontier Resources Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 24, 1997
IBC	nul	International Bethlehem Mining Corp			--	
IDC	International Datacasting Corporation (IDC) is a technology provider for the broadcasters in radio, television, data and digital cinema. The Company designs, manufactures, and sells solutions that provide for the delivery of digital media assets to content providers and consumers. IDC sells products in the market segments, such as audio, which includes head-end equipment and receivers for digital radio distribution networks; data, which uses Internet Protocol and Digital Video Broadcast open standards; video contribution, which includes digital video compression and decompression products, and video distribution, which serves two applications, such as digital cinema and targeted ad and program insertion). IDC provides products, as well as related services, such as installation, product support and extended warranty. Its products and solutions enable delivery of virtually any media content via satellite and terrestrial channels. It operates under International Datacasting brand name. 	International Datacasting Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	15	February 1, 2003
ILC	International Lithium Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring and developing its mineral properties located in Argentina, Canada and Ireland. The Company's projects include Mariana lithium-potash brine in Argentina, Mavis Lake/Fairservice in Ontario, and Avalonia Lithium in Ireland. The Mariana lithium-potash brine located in Argentina is a lithium-potash salar, consisting of contiguous mining claims covering 160 square kilometers project area. The Mavis Lake/Fairservice project consists of 19 contiguous claims totaling 2,632 hectares within Brownridge Township. It is located around 19 kilometers northeast of Dryden in north-western Ontario. The Avalonia Lithium project consists of eight mineral exploration licenses totaling 292 square kilometers. It is located 80 kilometers south of Dublin. 	International Lithium Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 26, 2009
ISS	nul	International Samuel Exploration Corp			--	
IMT	International Montoro Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of mineral properties, focusing on projects in British Columbia, and Ontario, Canada. The Company's Chuchinka Property covers approximately 2,270 hectares and over five claims. The Company holds interest in approximately 10 mining claims (approximately 115 covering approximately 1,840 hectares) in the Sault Ste. Marie Mining Division, Elliot Lake area in Northern Ontario, known as the Serpent River property. It also has interest in the Cup Lake/Donen Uranium deposit located in the Greenwood Mining Division in south-central British Columbia. The Company also holds interests in the South Trend/Overtime in Ungava, Ragland area; Crackingstone in Northern Mining District, Uranium City-Saskatchewan, and Triangle and Orbit Lakes-Northern Mining District, Uranium City-Saskatchewan. The Ungava prospect covers approximately 30 square kilometers. 	International Montoro Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 30, 1987
IMI	International Millennium Mining Corp. is a mineral exploration and development company engaged in acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in British Columbia and Ontario, Canada; and Nevada, the United States. The company has mineral development properties in the Americas, including the Nivloc Silver Mine (Nivloc Mine) and Simon Polymetallic Mine properties in Nevada, Cobalt properties in Ontorio, United States of America, and the Wild Goose Lead property in British Columbia, Canada. The Company holds 20 patented and 164 unpatented mining claims in the Simon Property. The Company has entered into option agreement to acquire 100% interest in in the Wild Goose property, located northwest of Revelstoke, British Columbia. The Company holds 100% interest in three mineral claims located Cobalt-Haileybury Mining District, Ontario. It also holds interest in High Lake & Electrum Lake Property, located in Kenora Mining Division, Ontario. 	International Millennium Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
ITT	Internet of Things Inc is a Canada-based Internet of Things (IoT) technology accelerator and industry acquisition company focused on emerging integrated technologies and solutions. It operates three business divisions: accelerating technology start-ups; consulting services; and mergers and acquisitions. The Companys services includes helping start-ups and small- to mid-size companies develop their IoT capabilities, business and product lines; teaches IoT to enterprises in the areas of brand marketing, lead generation and direct marketing; and provides software development and testing solutions for projects, including IoT-based application development, mobile multimedia application development, enterprise applications for integration and development, software testing, and end-to-end product engineering. The Company helps clients across a range of industries of IoT, including telecommunications, utilities, healthcare and agriculture. 	Internet of Things Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	April 27, 2015
SOF	International SoftRock Oil Company Limited is an oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of petroleum and natural gas resources in Arizona and Cameroon. The Company has entered an agreement in which it agreed to farm-in to Vanterra Energy's 70,000 acre Kingman Prospect in the Basin and Range Geologic Province in Western United States. 	International Softrock Oil Company Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 2, 2012
INT	Intertainment Media Inc. (Intertainment) is a Canada-based company engaged developing, nurturing and investing in North American and global technologies and companies that provide technology solutions for brands and consumers. The Companys operations are divided into two divisions: new media (the New Media Division) and graphic and print services (the Graphic and Print Services Division). The New Media division has four product offerings, which include Ortsbo and Yappn. Ortsbo enables real time cross-language communication experiences, all delivered as a cloud based Internet software service to many languages and any internet end-point. Yappn is a social media website at www.yappn.com that hosts multi-language conversations based on different topics, such as interests, brands, and activities, in an environment that incentivizes user engagement through rewards and other gamification features. 	Intertainment Media Inc	Industrials	Commercial Printing Services	25	August 22, 2000
IPD	nul	International Parkside Products Inc			--	
IFD	Maple Power Capital Corporation is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a transaction where the Company acquires assets, other than cash, by way of purchase, amalgamation, merger or arrangement with another company or by other means (Qualifying Transaction). The Company has not commenced commercial operations. 	Intrinsic4d Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 7, 2010
IGD	Intigold Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based development-stage Company. The Company is a junior mineral exploration company currently engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious metals on mineral properties located in British Columbia, Canada. The Company is also engaged in non-mining activities in the social media sector as a result of acquiring control over TTAGIT Social Networks Inc. The Company has entered into a Property Purchase Agreement with St. Elias Mines Ltd. to purchase 100% interest in certain mineral claims referred to as the Beaverdell Property, which shows Silver rich fault bounded veins. The Company has entered into agreements to acquire 100% interests in Scandie Property located in the Greenwood Mining Division, British Columbia (BC) and Donnamore Property located in the Kamloops Mining Division, BC. The Company has entered into an agreement to acquire a 100% interest in Goldpost Project located in the Osoyoos Mining Division, BC. 	Intigold Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 18, 2008
IZN	InZinc Mining Ltd., formerly Lithic Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based exploration and mining company. The Company's principal business activities include the acquisition and exploration of mineral exploration and evaluation assets. The Company holds one active property, the West Desert Property in western Utah. The Company's property is at the exploration-stage and it is focused on advancing its 100% owned West Desert project. The West Desert Property of approximately 4,258 acres is located in Utah about 160 kilometers southwest of Salt Lake City, the United States. The Company's operational segment is engaged in mineral exploration in two geographic segments, being Canada and the United States. 	InZinc Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 7, 2002
IVX	Inventronics Limited (Inventronics) designs and manufactures protective enclosures for use in utility-type infrastructures. The Company's products are used in telecommunication networks, electric power distribution networks, cable television networks, traffic control systems and oil and gas installations where they are utilized in both outdoor and indoor applications to house and protect passive or active electrical and electronic components. The customer's applications can range from the modification of an existing cabinet configuration to the conceptualization and manufacture of a brand new enclosure that are custom designed and manufactured. The Company also markets a line of Inventronics-branded standard enclosures, which are sold directly to utilities, original equipment manufacturers or through distributors. The customer's components are incorporated into the enclosures, which are delivered directly to the end user, providing outsourcing service. 	Inventronics Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	400	November 2, 2000
IOU	Iou Financial Inc (IOU) operates an Internet-based lending platform in the United States for owner-operated businesses with daily sales, such as medical and dental practices, grocery and retail stores, restaurants and hotels, franchisees and e-commerce companies, through its subsidiary, IOU Central Inc. The Company allows these businesses to apply for six, nine or twelve month loans, that are repaid daily over the term of the loan directly out of the business' bank account, and that are personally guaranteed by their owner(s). The Company operates through two segments: Lending and Servicing. The Company's Lending segment originates and retains loans as part of its loans receivable portfolio. The Company's Servicing activity services loans that have been sold to third party purchasers on a nonrecourse basis in exchange for a servicing fee. 	Iou Financial Inc	Financials	Financials - Specialty	5	June 13, 1994
IVS	Inventus Mining Corp., formerly Ginguro Exploration Inc., is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and advancement of gold properties in the Americas. The Company's mineral properties include Pardo Property, Roberts Property, Simpson Mountain Property, Grigg/Stobie Property and Four Corners Property. The Pardo property is a paleo-placer gold property located around 65 kilometers north-east of Sudbury, Ontario. The Company does not generate any revenues. 	Inventus Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 2, 2005
IPC	Iplayco Corporation Ltd. is a Canda-based Company engaged in designing, manufacturing and installing fun, safe and durable play structures for children worldwide. The Company operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries, International Play Company Inc. (IPC) and Outdoor Play Company Inc. (OPC). The Company operates in two segments: the Company designs, manufactures and install customized play structures for children, from its plant in Langley, British Columbia (Manufacturing), and the Company owns and operates a family entertainment centre in Langley, British Columbia (Family Entertainment Centre).The Company has sold play structures to family entertainment centers, theme parks, shopping malls, restaurants, fitness and health clubs, municipalities, schools, daycare centers, hospitals, zoos and churches. 	Iplayco Corp Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure Products	--	July 27, 1999
IS	Iron South Mining Corp. (Iron South) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. Iron South is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties, and either joint venturing or developing the properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company's material mineral property interests are located in the Argentina. Iron South owns an approximate 100% interest in the 74,796 hectare Fierro iron ore project (Fierro Project). The Fierro Project is adjacent to the Minera Sierra Grande iron mine. At the Minera Sierra Grande mine, the iron ore consists of oolitic magnetite and hematite iron formation that occurs within the Silurian Sierra Grande Formation. The Fierro Project covers the mapped extensions of the Minera Sierra Grande mine horizon, including an estimated 60 kilometer strike extent of the Sierra Grande Formation to the north and east of the mine. Iron South has not earned any production revenues. 	Iron South Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	2	April 11, 2000
IOG	Ironhorse Oil & Gas Inc. is a Canada-based junior oil and natural gas exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in the development and production of petroleum and natural gas reserves in western Canada. The Company has interest in producing/developed acreage in west central Alberta. The Company's areas of operation include Pembina, Dawson and Balsam. The Company has a working interest of 15.625% in a Pembina Nisku light oil play located in central Alberta. The assets include oil wells 9-5 and 14-5 plus water injector 10-5. 	Ironhorse Oil & Gas Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 26, 2002
ISD	iSIGN Media Solutions Inc. (iSIGN) is a Canada-based software-as-a-service (SaaS) company. The Company licenses its proximity marketing solutions that deliver permission-based messages to consumers. The Company's technology, contained within the Smart Antenna and Smart Player, utilizes Bluetooth and wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) location-aware technology to deliver messaging directly to the consumers' mobile devices without the need to download an application to the recipient. It enables brands to deliver targeted messaging, offers and loyalty perks to consumer mobile devices on location and in real-time. The Company's data gathering capabilities provide analytics on price points, typical purchases, in-store dwell time and other shopper metrics that identify emerging consumer behaviors. 	iSIGN Media Solutions Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	--	May 15, 2007
IRC	Ironside Resources Inc, formerly Papuan Precious Metals Corp, is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets, including mineral properties in Papua New Guinea (PNG). The Company's projects include the New Hanover project and the Mt. Suckling project. The Company's New Hanover project is located west of the New Ireland provincial capital of Kavieng on the island of New Hanover. The New Hanover project covers approximately 591 square kilometers under exploration license 1566-New Hanover. The Company's Mt. Suckling prospect is situated at the eastern end of New Guinea's central range east of Port Moresby on the southwest flanks of Mt. Suckling in northern province PNG. 	Ironside Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	1999
IVI	nul	Ivrnet Inc			--	
IWG	IWG Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in aerospace and high-tech businesses. The Company, through its subsidiary, International Water-Guard Industries Inc. (IWG), is engaged in the development, design, manufacture, sale and service of potable water treatment equipment, on-demand water heaters and water systems for international aviation customers. IWG offers an aircraft water system solution in the form of its circulating potable water system. The Company offers its products for business aircraft original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and business aircraft completion centers across the world. The Company operates its manufacturing, engineering and administrative facility in Burnaby, British Columbia. 	IWG Technologies Inc	Industrials	Airlines	--	March 7, 2011
JML	J.A.G. Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based company, engaged in exploration and development of mining properties located in the province of Quebec. The Company is also involved in oil and gas research through its subsidiary, Olitra Inc. (Olitra), in which it holds a 66% interest. It is also involved in natural gas and petroleum exploration. The Companys mining properties are Belleterre, Malartic, Seigneurie de Beauharnois and Saint-Robert. The Belleterre property covers a perimeter of 1,173.9 hectares spread over 81 claims. The Saint-Robert property is made of 18 mining claims and covers 1,156 hectares. The Malartic property is made of 20 mining claims and covers 720 hectares. The Seigneurie de Beauharnois property is made of 16 claims and covers 917 hectares. The Company has two oil and gas properties, Pohenegamook property and Pohenegamook property and Olitra owns two properties, Temiscouata property and Lac St-Jean property. 	JAG Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 2, 1976
JFC	Jaguar Financial Corporation (Jaguar) is a Canada-based merchant bank. The Bank invests in undervalued, overlooked and underappreciated companies. It invests in Canadian and the United States listed public companies. The Bank's invests between $5 million-$100 million. Its portfolio of companies includes Thallion Pharma, MOS AID, African aura resources ltd, HudBay Minerals Inc, Virtex, Century II Holdings, Comnetix and High Desert, among others. 	Jaguar Financial Corporation	Financials	Investment Services	4	June 2, 2008
JP	Jackpot Digital Inc., formerly Las Vegas From Home.com Entertainment Inc., is engaged in the developing and marketing of software for online interactive games. The Company operates through the licensing of gaming software segment. The Company is engaged in developing a HTML5 mobile game suite, allowing users to play directly on the Web browser of smart phones and tablets. The Company operates a social casino product, Real Vegas Casino, on Facebook to the general public. Real Vegas Casino is a social casino product that provides players with social features combined with a selection of casino games. Players can try out the games for free and purchase virtual currency in the form of Facebook credits to extend and enhance their game play enjoyment. The games are available in five languages namely English, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and Russian. Real Vegas Casino is also available on Android phones and tablets through the Google Play Store. 	Jackpot Digital Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	7	May 27, 1980
JRI	Jaguar Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, which seeks to provide shareholders with growth by exploring the existing assets. The Company, through Vector Exploration Corp., has interest in certain exploration permits for two land blocks consisting of approximately 376,000 acres in the east Saskatchewan portion of the Williston Sedimentary Basin. The Company also commenced a four-well exploration drilling program at its Bannock Creek Property in the Province of Saskatchewan. As part of its corporate strategy of acquiring additional assets, the Company is in the process of evaluating several potential transactions, which individually or together could be material. 	Jaguar Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
JAG	Jaguar Mining Inc. (Jaguar) is a Canada-based gold mining company. The Company is engaged in gold production and in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of gold mineral properties in Brazil. Jaguars three producing projects include Turmalina, Caete and Paciencia, which are located in the Iron Quadrangle region of Brazil, a greenstone belt located east of the city of Belo Horizonte in the state of Minas Gerais. The Turmalina mining complex consists of 4,908 hectares of mining and exploration concessions. The Paciencia mining property consists of 6,677 hectares of mining and exploration concessions. The Caete mining property consists of 9,190 hectares of mining and exploration concessions. Jaguars portfolio also includes the Gurupi Project in the state of Maranhao and the Pedra Branca Project in the state of Ceara. The Companys wholly owned subsidiaries include Mineracao Serras do Oeste Ltda (MSOL), Mineracao Turmalina Ltda. (MTL) and MCT Mineracao Ltda. (MCT). 	Jaguar Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1217	
JSP	Jasper Mining Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for and development of base and precious metals in Canada. It is focused on exploration and development of mining properties located in the British Columbia interior. The Company's Vowell Creek property comprises approximately 12,750 hectares (31,481 acres) located approximately 35 kilometers south of Golden, British Columbia. It also operates the Isintok property and the McFarlane property. The Isintok property consists of approximately 3,007 hectares (7,432 acres), located approximately 25 kilometers west of the Okanagan Valley and the community of Summerland. The McFarlane property is located immediately east of Kootenay Lake in British Columbia. The property comprises approximately 3,058 hectares (7,556 acres). 	Jasper Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 28, 1994
JAX	Jaxon Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's activities include acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. Its operating properties include Snow Lake Property and ST Silver-Gold Prospect, Yukon. The Company's Snow Lake Property has mineral claims in approximately 144 hectares. Its ST prospect consisted of four claims located approximately 120 kilometers northwest of Whitehorse, Yukon, and the claims cover coincident airborne electromagnetic (EM)/ground three dimensional image processing (3DIP) geophysical anomalies. Soil geochemical sampling has identified a gold/silver (plus indicator elements) anomaly down slope from the geophysical zones in the ST prospect. 	Jaxon Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 6, 2006
JDN	Jayden Resources Inc. is engaged in the evaluation, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is involved in the acquisition, exploration and, if warranted, the development of natural resource properties with a particular focus on the Silver Coin Property. The Silver Coin Property is located 25 kilometers north by the gravel surfaced Granduc Road from the town of Stewart, British Columbia, Canada. The property consists of 45 claims. Of these, 43 contiguous claims have shared ownership, with 80% held by the Company and the remaining 20% held by Mountain Boy Minerals. The Company also holds 100% of two nearby cell claims outside the main claim block. The property covers an area of approximately 1,470 hectares, and features a zone of faulting and brecciation with accompanying mineralization up to 300 meters wide. The Company has one subsidiary, Jayden Resources (Canada) Inc. 	Jayden Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	August 8, 2012
JFI	Jemi Fibre Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the ownership of private timberlands, harvesting operations and manufacturing specialty wood products. The species of Company's timberlands comprise pine, spruce, douglas fir, larch, hemlock and cedar. 	Jemi Fibre Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 16, 1996
JZR	Jazz Resources Inc. is a Canada based junior mining resource company. The Company is focused on acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties. The Companys Teddy Glacier property is composed of a block of mineral claims covering approximately 2,000 hectares (5,000 acres) located about 40 kilometers southeast of the town of Revelstoke in British Columbia. The Company acquired over eight existing mineral claims adjoining the Teddy Glacier Property. The Spider Mine is located close to the abandoned town site of Camborne BC, which consists of over 17 Crown granted mineral claims. The Burniere Property is located near the headwaters of Scott Creek, on the east slopes of Mount McKinnon (Comaplix Mountain) and consists of over eight claims covering approximately 632 hectares adjoining the Teddy Glacier Property. 	Jazz Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 22, 1947
JTC	JEMTEC Inc is a Canada-based provider of compliance monitoring solutions for justice, law enforcement and immigration systems. The Company specializes in global positioning systems, electronic monitoring, alcohol detection and voice verification technologies as they relate to location verification of offenders and individuals under restrictions in the community. The Company operates two different units: a monitoring facility in Ontario which allows the Company to offer flexible solutions on short notice for rental of monitoring technologies to courts, police, and immigration anywhere in Canada and; a leasing unit, which distributes global positioning, electronic monitoring technology, alcohol/drug detection products, automated offender contact and voice verification to provincial and federal corrections agencies in Canada. The Companys capabilities are supplier, public private partnerships and around the clock monitoring. 	JEMTEC Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	1981
JAU	Jet Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in exploring and developing exploration and evaluation assets. 	Jet Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 24, 1987
JCO	Jericho Oil Corporation, formerly Dakar Resource Corp., is a Canada-based company, engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil properties. The Company operates in two business segments, which include acquisition of oil exploration and evaluation assets in the United States and Canada. The Company has oil interests in Kansas, United States. The Company has over 50% interest in oil-producing lease packages located in Kansas, USA (Kansas Properties) and consists of approximately 2,688 acres and 51 barrels of oil per day (bopd). The Company has entered into a joint operating agreement with Kansas Resource Exploration & Development LLC (KRED) for the exploration and development of the Kansas Properties. 	Jericho Oil Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 21, 2010
JET.WT	nul	Jet Metal Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
JNX	Junex Inc (Junex) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in complementary activities, such as selling natural brine and providing oil and gas well drilling services. The Company holds exploration rights on approximately 5.2 million acres of land located in the Appalachian basin in the Province of Quebec. Its properties are located in sedimentary basins in the St. Lawrence Lowlands, on the Gaspe Peninsula, on Anticosti Island and in the Appalachian region. It also owns overriding royalties in an additional 12,000 square kilometer-sized area in two sedimentary basins in Quebec, which include the Gaspe Peninsula and the St. Lawrence Lowlands. Junex's Anticosti Island where it owns 100% in approximately 234,000 acres under exploration permit is situated to the south of and on the deeper side of the Jupiter Fault Zone. It owns 70% in Galt Oil Project, which covers an area of approximately 16,645 acres, located over 20 kilometers west of Gaspe. 	Junex Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 30, 1999
JET	Jet Metal Corp (Jet Metal) and is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company is engaged in the exploration of uranium, vanadium, base and precious metals across North America. The Companys focus is on Central Mineral Belt properties located in Labrador, Canada and the Bootheel Project LLC located in Wyoming, United States of America. The Central Mineral Belt (CMB) Property is located in central Labrador on the east coast of Canada. The Bootheel property is located within the Shirley Basin in Albany County, Wyoming. 	Jet Metal Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	September 2, 1966
JUB	Jubilee Gold Exploration Ltd. (Jubilee) is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company has not commenced mining operations. The Company held a 40% interest in claims located in the Beech Hill, True Hill and McDougall Inlet areas of the Province of New Brunswick. 	Jubilee Gold Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 1, 2013
KRS	Kairos Capital Corporation is a Canada-based company. The Company's principal business is the acquisition and development of mining properties in Chile. The Company holds 100% title interest in 25,300 hectares of mineral claims comprising six discrete property packages: Nancagua, Salvadora, Fortuna, Carmona, Apollo and Sancarron, which are located in Chilean Regions III through VII with exploration potential to discover commercial deposits of gold, silver and copper. 	Kairos Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 18, 2010
KZD	Kaizen Discovery Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a mineral exploration and development group of companies focused on exploring and developing mineral properties located in Canada, Africa and Australia. It operational segment consists of acquisition, the exploration and the evaluation of mineral assets. The Company's projects include West Cirque Projects, which consists of the Aspen Grove copper property, the Tanzilla and the Pliny copper properties and the Castle copper property; Copper Mine Project, which consists of the Tundra's Copper Mine Project; the Ebende Project, which consists of around 17 contiguous and near contiguous licenses located in the Eastern Kasai and Katanga Provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC); the Fairholme Project, which consists of two copper/gold licenses covering around 172 square kilometers area in central New South Wales, Australia; the Kerboule Project, and the Kabongo Project. 	Kaizen Discovery Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 31, 2006
KAM	Kaminak Gold Corporation (Kaminak) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties across North America with a focus in the Yukon Territory. Its sole material property is the Coffee Gold Project, located around 130 kilometers south of Dawson City, Yukon. The project consists of around 3,021 Yukon quartz mining claims covering an aggregate area of 60,230 hectares owned by Kaminak. Its other properties include Nizi Creek Gold-Silver Property and Sail Property located in British Columbia; Michigan Potash Project located in Michigan; Bathurst property, IME, Matrix project, Needle Lake Gold Property and Sy property located in Nunavut; Sekwi property in North West Territories; Hemlo Property and TBN Platinum-Palladium located in Ontario, and Quebec Nickel Properties located in Quebec. 	Kaminak Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	13	July 4, 2005
KNE	Kane Biotech Inc. is a Canada-based biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of products that prevent and remove microbial biofilms. It is involved in research and development of animal and human health products. The Company's technologies include DispersinB, AloSera, Aledex, Strix NB, bluestem and KBI Disinfectant. The Company is focused on the companion animal market with Strix NB brand for the veterinary segment and bluestem brand for the pet over the counter (OTC) retail market. The Company's products include The Company has a number of formulations in development, including formulations with antibiotics and the antibiofilm enzyme beta-N-Acetylglucosaminidase and antibiofilm-antimicrobial (antibiotic free) formulations for both the veterinary and human markets. 	Kane Biotech Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	October 9, 2003
KAP	Kapuskasing Gold Corp. is a Canada-based gold exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring the Kapuskasing Structural Zone in the Borden Lake area of Northern Ontario. The Company has gold properties in Northern Ontario, including Borden North and South, Golden Route, Chapleau, Rollo and Schewabik. The Borden North property is situated along the southern flank of the Kapuskasing Structural Zone approximately 50 kilometers northeast of Probe Mines' Borden Gold project in Northeastern Ontario. The Borden North property lies along the southeastern boundary of the Shawmere Anorthosite Complex. The Rollo property is situated within the Destor-Porcupine fault zone and sits between Iamgold's Cote Lake gold deposit and Probe Mines' Borden Gold project. The Rollo property is located in the western portion of the Swayze Greenstone Belt of the Abitibi Subprovince, which is host to numerous gold occurrences and past producing mines. 	Kapuskasing Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 26, 2010
KYU	Kaiyue International Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities are the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. 	Kaiyue International Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 23, 2009
KAR	Karmin Exploration Inc. (Karmin) is a Canada-based company engaged in mineral exploration and development of base metals and gold opportunities in Brazil and Peru. The Company operates in two segments: Brazil and Peru. It has completed a pre-feasibility study on the development of the Aripuana, Brazil project. It is also engaged in the application and preliminary exploration of the Cushuro property, whereby Karmin owns approximately 25 square kilometers Cushuro Gold Project located in the Alto Chicama gold-mining district of northern Peru. Its property in Brazil at Aripuana is located in the state of Mato Grosso, Brazil. The two principal mineral deposits at Aripuana are Arex and Ambrex. The near surface Arex deposit strikes at approximately 110 degree azimuth, extending over a strike length of approximately 1,400 meters. Ambrex is located approximately 1,300 meters southeast of Arex, strikes at approximately 125 degree azimuth along an approximately 1,300 meters strike length. 	Karmin Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 3, 1995
KAY	Karsten Energy Corp. is a Canada-based mining company. The principal business of the Company is the mineral exploration of its properties and seeking new opportunities in the mineral exploration sector. The Company owns approximately 100% interest in and to certain claims known as the Mackenzie Mountains IronCopper Property (the Mackenzie Property) located in the Mackenzie Mining District, Northwest Territories, Canada. The Company's claims collectively cover around 21,000 hectares of Crown land in the Northwest Territories of Canada. 	Karsten Energy Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 28, 2012
KEK	Keek Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the development of an online social media application. The Company's application allows users to upload and share personal videos. It offers the online social video platform for both Web and mobile with a focus on mobile, which allows users to upload and share personal videos of themselves or events surrounding them. It provides a global video social network, enabled over the Internet and on mobile devices. Its interactive video content network contains videos with up to 36 seconds of video and 111 characters of accompanying text. The Keek platform is available in up to 36 languages and allows users to link to their other social platforms, including Facebook, Twitter and Tumblr. The Company offers its Website and its mobile interactive application for IOS, Android, Blackberry 10 and Windows Phone. It has operations across six global regions, including North America, South America, Europe, Middle East, Asia/Oceania and Africa. 	Keek Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	January 10, 2008
KZX	KazaX Minerals Inc. is a Kazakhstan-based mining company. The Company holds 99.99% interest in the Lomonosovskoye iron ore project in the Kostanay area, Kazakhstan. The Lomonosovskoye property development (LOMO) is situated in the mining area of Rudny. The Deposit comprises two sites: the Northwest Deposit and Central Deposit. The Northwest Deposit contains strata bound magnetite mineralization along the contact between lower sedimentary (limestone) and upper volcanic-sedimentary (tuffite) members. The Central Deposit has a multi-domain structure due to the widespread influence of diorite intrusions and faulting. A total of approximately 2,32,079 meters in approximately 646 drill holes have been drilled. 	KazaX Minerals Inc.	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 12, 2005
KFG	KFG Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based independent energy company. The Company is engaged in the development of onshore oil and gas reserves with activities concentrated in Concordia and Catahoula Parishes, Louisiana, Adams, Jefferson, and Wilkinson Counties, Mississippi and Comanche County, Kansas. Through its United States subsidiary, the Company has interests in Mississippi, Louisiana and Kansas. Its projects include Wilcox Oil Play, which is a water-drive reservoir in East-Central Louisiana and Southwest Mississippi; Fayette Field, Jefferson County in Mississippi, a salt feature covering approximately 3,800 acres; Carthage Point Field in Adam's County Mississippi, which has a daily production of approximately 50 barrels per day (BOPD); LaGrange Field in Adam's County Mississippi, which has a capacity of 90 BOPD; Carthage Point Field in Adam's County Mississippi; Mantua Field, Adams County, which produces around 140 BOPD; Franklin County, and Concordia Parish, which has three leases. 	KFG Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	April 7, 1994
KNA	Kenna Resources Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's primary asset is its wholly owned Elizabeth Lake copper, silver and gold project located in northern Saskatchewan. The Elizabeth Lake property is located 26 kilometers north of La Ronge, Saskatchewan which consists of five claims covering over 3,282 hectares. 	Kenna Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 25, 2009
LRN	KGIC Inc., formerly Loyalist Group Limited, is a Canada-based educational company. The Company owns and operates private English as a Second Language (ESL) Schools, Career Colleges, Community Colleges and Secondary Schools. The Company operates approximately two student-recruiting agencies in South Korea. The Company also operates over 20 campuses across its range of brands in Toronto, Vancouver, Victoria and Halifax, and over 10 agency offices across South Korea, the United States and Philippines. The Company's schools include Study English in Canada, Upper Career College of Business & Technology, King George International College, KGIC Business College, MTi Community College, Urban International School, Pan Pacific College, PGIC Victoria, Cornerstone Academic College, Western Town College, Western Town Business College (Vancouver), PGIC Vancouver and PGCC Career College, among others. The Company's agencies include Kim Okran International Studies Centre and Uhak.com. 	KGIC Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	January 1, 2008
KDI	Kennady Diamonds Inc. (Kennady Diamonds) is a Canada-based diamond exploration Company. The Company's exploration activities are in the Northwest Territories (NWT) of Canada. The Kennady North diamond project consists of 16 federal leases and 58 claims located to the west, south and north of the four leases controlled by the Gahcho Kue Joint Venture located approximately 300 kilometers north-east of Yellowknife in Canada's Northwest Territories. The Kennady North diamond project has an area of approximately 61,000 hectares. The Company's Kennady North area has diamond-bearing Kelvin, Faraday and Hobbes kimberlites. 	Kennady Diamonds Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 27, 2012
KLM	Kermode Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties in Canada. The Company's mineral properties include Buzz Lake and Eastgate Gold. The Company has a 100% interest in the Buzz Lake property, located in the Snow Lake-Wekusko Region in west central Manitoba. The Eastgate Gold Property comprises mineral claims located northeast of the Rawhide Mine, and east of Fallon in Churchill, County, Nevada. The Company also has a 100% interest in certain mineral claims, located in Newfoundland. 	Kermode Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 4, 1995
KES	Kesselrun Resources Ltd. (Kesselrun) is a mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on its Bluffpoint property covers approximately 18,944 hectares. The property is located in Bluffpoint Lake Township, with portions extending into the townships of Lawrence Lake, Napanee Lake and Barker Bay in the Kenora Mining Division of Northwestern Ontario. The Company has interests in three additional smaller projects, including Esox, Higbee extension and Mulcahy. 	Kesselrun Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 18, 2011
KGC	Kestrel Gold Inc. (Kestrel) is a Canada-based early-stage exploration mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company is exploring and evaluating mineral properties in Canada. Kestrels mineral properties include the King Solomon Dome property (the KSD Property), which consists of approximately 1480 acres; Dominion Mountain, which consists of approximately 2929 acres, and Gold Run Creek, which consists of approximately 2271 acres. The Companys projects are located southeast of Dawson City within an area of mining activity in the Dawson Mining District. Kestrel holds 100% interest in the three individual properties, which is collectively known as the King Solomon Dome Project, located in the Klondike Goldfields. 	Kestrel Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 12, 2007
KAS	Khalkos Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral resources. The exploration activities of the Company are focused on the research and development of narrow-vein gold deposits in Abitibi. The Company holds three projects in Quebec: Villebon, Tilly and Nanuq. The Company's Villebon property is located 47 south-east of the city of Val-d'Or, in Abitibi, Quebec and consists of 58 non-contiguous claims in two blocks (49 and nine) covering 2,440 hectares and contains gold-bearing quartz veins of several meters in thickness. The Tilly property is located 30 kilometers west of the LG-4 complex located in the James Bay area, Quebec and covers 31 claims for 17 square kilometers. The Nanuq property is located in Nunavik, around 40 kilometers south of Salluit, Quebec and consists of six claims non-adjacent to on and other and covering 10 square meters. 	Khalkos Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 28, 2007
KCC	Kincora Copper Limited (Kincora) is a junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties, with a focus on copper-gold projects in Mongolia. The Company's key asset is the wholly owned Bronze Fox copper-gold project. The Bronze Fox project is located in the copper-gold belt in southeast Mongolia that also hosts the Oyu Tolgoi copper or gold or molybdenum deposit and Tsagaan Suvarga porphyry copper or molybdenum deposit. The project covers an area of approximately 40 square kilometers of a 223 square kilometers license area in southeast Mongolia along the Oyu Tolgoi copper belt. The exploration work is mainly concentrated on porphyry copper-gold- molybdenum targets and structural controlled hydrothermal gold. 	Kincora Copper Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	May 12, 2004
KGL	Kilo Goldmines Ltd. is a junior resource company with gold exploration properties in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of its properties and has no producing asset. The Somituri Project covers approximately 606 square kilometers of the Ngayu Archaean Greenstone Belt in Oriental Province of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The properties are underlain by Upper Kibalian, clastic and chemical metasedimentary rocks, including banded iron formation (BIF), metavolcanics, schists and localized dioritic intrusives. The Company is also engaged in a joint venture with Randgold Resources Ltd. (Randgold) for gold exploration on certain of the Companys other properties, initially held in the KGL-ERW SPRL entity and, for purposes of the Randgold joint venture, held in KGL Isiro SARL. 	Kilo Goldmines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 12, 2006
KGL.WT	nul	Kilo Goldmines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
KGF	King George Financial Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the area of commercial and residential real estate development and investment, as well as medium to long term investment in real estate, hotel and healthcare marketable securities. The Company's segments include Real Estate Development, Management and Finance Services, and others. Its principle assets include a 2.84 acres building lot located in the City of Surrey, British Columbia, held through its subsidiary 0819277 BC Ltd, and also holds investments in common shares of Allied Hotel Properties Inc., International Healthway Corporation, Oclamon real Estate Fund I, MacDonald Lakeshore Properties Limited Partnership and Central Surrey Real Estate Investment Limited Partnership. 	King George Financial Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	July 21, 1999
KBG	King's Bay Gold Corporation (King's Bay Gold) is a Canada-based mineral resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of interests in, and the exploration of mineral resource properties in Northwest Ontario. It has 100% interest in properties, including Menary Gold Project, Darkwater Gold Mine at Sturgeon Lake Claims, Halkirk-Watten Property, Gold Hill- Blackjack Property and Brooks Lake Property. Its Darkwater Gold Mine at Sturgeon Lake property is located in the Valora Area of the Patricia Mining Division in Ontario. The Company's Halkirk-Watten property is located in the Watten and Obikoba Townships in the Rainy River Mining Division of Ontario. Its Gold Hill- Blackjack property is located in the Townships of Kirkup and Manross in the Kenora Mining Division of Ontario. Its Brooks Lake Property, also known as Hook Bay of Helena Lake, is located in the Kenora Mining Division of Ontario. 	King's Bay Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 20, 1998
KLE	Kingsland Energy Corp. is a Canada-based distribution company. The Company is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas acquisition, exploration and development in Saskatchewan and Manitoba. The Company's petroleum and natural gas properties include related pipelines and facilities. The Company's petroleum properties consist of undeveloped land. 	Kingsland Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	December 19, 2011
KNG	Tumi Resources Limited is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious metals on mineral properties. TMXI Resources S.A. de C.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company's mineral properties are located in Mexico. The La Trini mineral deposit, 100% owned by the Company, is located in the Hostotipaquillo mining district of Mexico. The La Trini claims cover 880 acres and the mineralization occurs over an area of 400 meters x 200 meters. The resource contains 6.48 million troy ounces Ag and 46,900 troy ounces Au in the indicated category and 611,400 Ag and 5700 troy ounces Au in the inferred category. The main geological structures in the area are a system of north to northwest trending normal faults forming graben structures. At La Trini, the mineralization consists of a rhyolitic intrusion along a fault in which both quartz vein/veinlet hosted and disseminated ore minerals occur. 	Kingsmen Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 11, 2000
KWA	Kingsway Arms Retirement Residences Inc. (Kingsway) is a Canada-based company which operates retirement homes. The Company's communities include Aurora Retirement Center in Aurora, Ontario and Elgin Lodge in Port Elgin, Ontario. Kingsway's Monarch Club is a senior's club with three membership options, namely, lifestyle, diner's and wellness. The Company's retirement homes provide a range of services, such as independent living, supportive living, dementia care and short-term stays. Kingsway also offers various amenities, such as dining rooms; activities, including dinner theatres, bridge club, brain yoga, art classes, educational seminars and spiritual services; therapeutic pools; billiards and game rooms; suite choices, and private mailboxes and other amenities. 	Kingsway Arms Retirement Residences Inc	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	0	May 31, 2007
KSK	Kiska Metals Corporation is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company has a portfolio of early-stage gold and copper projects located in Canada, the United States and Australia, which are available for partnership, option or joint venture. The Alaska Properties include Whistler Project, Goodpaster Properties and Copper Joe; Australia Properties include Barmedman Project, Murtoa Property, Chuchi Property, Kliyul Property, Boulevard Property, Grizzly Property, RDN Property, Redton Project, Quesnel Trough Project, Wernecke Breccia Project, Williams Property and Midlothian Property, and Nevada Properties include Colorback Property and Hilltop Property. The 100% owned Whistler Property consists of approximately 304 State of Alaska claims covering over 42,400 acres and located approximately 160 kilometers northwest of Anchorage, Alaska in the Yentna Mining District. It owns 100% of the Barmedman Property and a 100% interest in the eight mineral claims of Grizzly Property. 	Kiska Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	14	July 30, 2010
KIT	Kitrinor Metals Inc. (Kitrinor) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, evaluation, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. The Company has interests in four properties, which include Culroc Property, Caley Lake Property, Feather River Property and Bayview Property. In the Culroc Property, the Company has 100% interest in one unpatented mining claims totaling two units located in the Township of Sothman in the Porcupine mining division of Ontario. In the Caley Lake Property, the Company staked seven unpatented mining claims totaling 99 claim units. The claims are located in the Patricia Mining Division south west of Pickle Lake, Ontario. The Feather River Property totals 33 units and covers 528 hectares in the Mishibishu Lake area west of Wawa. The Bayview Property consists of 43 units or 688 hectares. 	Kitrinor Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 28, 2005
KIV	Kivalliq Energy Corporation (Kivalliq) is a Canada-based uranium exploration company. Kivalliq is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties. The Company focuses on the exploration of the Angilak Property, which hosts the Lac 50 Trend uranium deposits located in Nunavut Territory, Canada. Various uranium-mineralized zones on the Angilak and Baker Basin properties in Nunavut are in various stages of exploration. Angilak Property consists of 275,469 acres. The Company also has uranium exploration properties in Nunavut Territory and the Province of Saskatchewan. The Genesis property in Saskatchewan is at early stage. It has 100% interest in the Baker Basin Uranium Property. The Baker Basin Property consists of 95 claims totaling approximately 232,262 acres, which is located approximately 60 kilometers south of the hamlet of Baker Lake, Nunavut Territory. 	Kivalliq Energy Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 13, 2008
KS	Klondike Silver Corp. is a Canada-based resource exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company's Slocan Silver Camp is located approximately 50 kilometers northwest of Nelson in south-eastern, British Columbia. The Company's claims in the Slocan Camp cover an area of approximately 100 square kilometers and include silver-lead-zinc prospects of the camp, including the Silvana Mine. The Slocan Camp includes a fully operational 100 tons per day mill situated at Sandon. The claims include legacy claims, crown-granted claims and acquired or converted mineral claims. It has an interest in a number of properties in and around the Gowganda and Elk Lake silver camp areas of Ontario. The Gowganda and Elk Lake silver camps are silver producing areas in Ontario outside of the Cobalt silver camp. The three camps produced more than 400 million ounces of silver. The Company has no revenues from mineral producing operations. 	Klondike Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	March 2, 2005
KG	Klondike Gold Corp. is a Canada-based resource exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. It holds interest in Klondike Star Mineral Corporation (KSMC). KSMC has interests in Lonestar Gold Inc. and also in the Lone Star property. The Company's Yukon properties include Lone Star, which has 746 claims and covers approximately 138 square kilometers (sq. km); Lone Star Crown Grants, which has 14 claims and covers approximately two sq. km; Dominion, which has 135 claims and covers approximately 26 sq. km; Bonanza, which has 326 claims and covers 53 sq. km; Gold Run, which has 86 claims and covers approximately 17 sq. km; 15 Mile Silver City, which has 100 claims and covers approximately 21 sq. km; Sulfur, which has 113 claims and covers approximately 21 sq. km; Indian River Placer, which has 239 claims and covers approximately 13.4 sq. km, and Eldorado Creek Placer, which has 114 claims and covers approximately seven sq. km. 	Klondike Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 23, 1978
KR	KR Investment Ltd. (KR) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company is focused on acquisition and development of oil and gas assets in Canada. The Company is in the process of identifying oil assets in Alberta for acquisition to continue to expand its production and reserves. The Company's assets consist of approximately eight gross producing wells located in the Provost area of Alberta, Canada, which has an area of approximately 193.4 hectares. The Company has approximately 10 barrels of oil per day of production from the Provost field. The Company holds approximately 20% working interest in a joint arrangement to conduct oil and gas exploration and development activities on the properties in Provost Area, Alberta. 	KR Investment Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 3, 2010
KWF	nul	Knightswood Financial Corp			--	
KXM	Kobex Capital Corp. (Kobex), formerly Kobex Minerals Inc., is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the direct or indirect investment in the natural resource investment sector. The Company has held few mineral properties or exploration rights and has retained the majority of its assets in cash or other short-term, liquid investments while seeking new investment opportunities. It intends to find alternative uses for its treasury that provide some growth potential without excessive price or liquidity risk. The Company has an investment in the common shares of Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (Mountain Province), which holds a joint venture interest in a diamond property located in Canada. As of December 31, 2014, the Company did not generate any revenue. 	Kobex Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3	February 29, 2008
KBT	Kombat Copper Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company's core operations are focused on copper resources in Namibia. Its operating segment includes the development of its Namibian mining and exploration permits. It holds around 80% interest in five mining licenses in the Otavi Mountain Lands. The Company's flagship property is the Kombat Mine. It holds around 80% of the outstanding shares of Manila Investments (Pty) Ltd. (Manila) whose primary asset is its ownership interest in the formerly producing Kombat Copper Mine and the mining licenses related thereto. This project consists of the Kombat Mine and related assets, including all mining surface infrastructure and equipment and mining licenses related thereto. The Kombat Mine has copper production. The Kombat Mine's infrastructure includes an around 800 meter shaft, three operational shafts, ramp systems, underground workings, mine buildings, a tailings facility, a mill and concentrator. 	Kombat Copper Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 1, 2014
KMT	Komet Resources Inc. (Komet) is a Canada-based company. The Company's properties include Guiro/Diouga property and FCI property. The Guiro/Diouga gold property is located in Burkina Faso. The Guiro/Diouga gold property includes the Guiro gold mine. The FCI Project is located in James Bay area, approximately 485 kilometers northeast of the town of Matagami (Quebec). The FCI Property consists of around 423 map-designated claims for a total area of around 217 square kilometers. 	Komet Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 20, 2007
KTN	Kootenay Silver Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage mining company. The Company is focused on acquiring and exploring mineral properties principally located in North America. Its properties include Promontorio - Sonora State, Mexico; Sonora Concessions - Northwest Sonora Mexico; Santa Lucia - Southern Sonora State, Mexico; San Diego  Northwest Sonora, Mexico, and Other Properties - Southern British Columbia, which include Copley Property - Nechako Plateau, British Columbia, and The Fox and Two Times Fred Properties - Nechako Plateau, British Columbia. It owns a 100% interest in the Promontorio Concession, which covers approximately 56,000 hectares. It owns 100% interest in two mineral claims of 9,350 hectares in Santa Lucia. Its 100% undivided interest in 10 mineral tenures totaling approximately 2,927 hectares collectively named as the Copley Property. It has a 60% undivided interest in the Fox and Two Times Fred Properties (the Properties). 	Kootenay Silver Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 9, 2006
KNX	Knick Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based gold exploration company. The Company is engaged in identifying new gold deposits on its properties located within two key gold mining areas, the Val-dae Or (Quebec) and West Timmins (Ontario) mining camps. It is focused on identifying new gold deposits in one of the mining regions, the Abitibi Gold District. Knick is actively exploring its flagship East-West property, located in the Val-dae Or Mining Camp along strike between the active Kiena Mine (Wesdome Mining Ltd) and past gold producer Marban Mine. It recently acquired 100% ownership of the Ogden property in the west Timmins area prior to Lake Shore Gold's of a major drill hole discovery of approximately 12.74 grams of gold over approximately 83.4 meters. Since the Lake Shore Gold discovery, the west Timmins area has captured the interest of the mining community. The Ogden gold property consists of 8 claims totaling 70 claim units covering 1,120 hectares (2,767 acres) in Ogden Township. 	Knick Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 21, 2004
PNG	Kraken Sonar Inc. (Kraken) is a Canada-based marine technology company. The Company is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of underwater sonar and acoustic sensor equipment for military and commercial applications. Kraken develops synthetic aperture sonar (SAS), a sonar technology used for seabed imaging. The Company's product, AquaPix system, is an interferometric SAS. AquaPix is designed for use onboard autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs), remotely operated tow vehicles (ROTVs), remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) and tow bodies. The Company offers a software application for signal processing of interferometric synthetic aperture sonar imagery called INSIGHT (interferometric SAS imaging georeferenced high-fidelity toolbox). Kraken's product, DataPod, is designed for data storage for rugged marine applications. DataPod uses a standard gigabit Ethernet interface to plug directly into a personal computer or a local or wide area network. 	Kraken Sonar Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	--	February 17, 2015
LTX	Labrador Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based technology company. The Company is engaged in the research and development and marketing of data retrieval technology for customers. The Company focuses on Data-Flow Management (DFM), the ability to retrieve and deliver data. DFM comprises data-plumbing, data-adaptors, data integration, portal solutions, and on-demand data query and reporting applications. DFM software and services help software vendors, data vendors, and company developers deliver data to target audiences by plugging users in and eliminating the need for manual intervention. The Companys eTriever is a secure, WebMap-based, generic data browser and query tool. The Companys Model-LAB is used to construct Labrador model files by reverse-engineering existing data models and extracting the metadata. The Companys QueryJoiner allows business users to query data from two or more servers at the same time, and combine the data into one MS Excel report. 	Labrador Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	
LDM	Lago Dourado Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company focuses on the acquisition and advancement of mineral exploration projects. It also focuses on joint venturing new projects in the mining space. 	Lago Dourado Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 21, 2009
LHR	Lakeview Hotel Investment Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in hotel operations, which includes room rental, food and beverage, and other incidental services. The Company operates a portfolio of approximately 15 hotels. Its hotels offer approximately 1,070 guest rooms. The Company owns hotels, including Lakeview Inn and Suites, Drayton Valley; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Hinton; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Okotoks, Lakeview Inn and Suites, Fort Saskatchewan; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Edson; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Whitecourt; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Fort St. John; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Chetwynd; Lakeview Inn & Suites, Fort Nelson; Lakeview Inn & Suites, Edson Airport West; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Brooks; Lakeview Signature Inn and Suites, Calgary; Lakeview Inn and Suites, Slave Lake; Four Points by Sheraton, Prince George, and Days Inn, Ottawa Airport. Its subsidiaries include Lakeview Flag Operating LP General Partner Inc. and Lakeview Flag Operating Limited Partnership. 	Lakeview Hotel Investment Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	0	October 11, 2012
LHR.DB.C	nul	Lakeview Hotel Investment Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
LAK	nul	Lakeside Minerals Inc			--	
LHR.WT	nul	Lakeview Hotel Investment Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
LIR	Lamelee Iron Ore Ltd. is a mineral exploration company. The Company's principal property is the 100% interest in the Lac Lamelee South Property, Labrador Trough, in Northeastern Quebec, Canada. The focused on the development of an iron mine project located in the southern segment of the Labrador Trough near the border with Newfoundland and Labrador, approximately 50 kilometers south of the city of Fermont (Quebec) and consists of 29 mineral claims covering 1,524 hectares. The Company has also granted an additional 1.5% Net Smelter Return royalty in favor of Fancamp Exploration on the Lac Lamelee South Iron Project. 	Lamelee Iron Ore Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 6, 2011
LHR.DB.D	nul	Lakeview Hotel Investment Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
LRA	Lara Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities are the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in South America, and with exploration and evaluation properties in Brazil, Peru, Colombia and Chile. It holds or participates in exploration projects targeting copper, gold, iron, potash, phosphate, vanadium, titanium, graphite and coal. The Company holds seven projects in Brazil, five of which are funded by partnerships. The Peru portfolio comprises ten projects, two of which are funded by partners, with two others in a co-funding joint venture. The Company also has two coal projects in Colombia and a phosphate project in Chile funded by alliance agreements. It projects include Liberdade Copper Project, Curionopolis Copper-Gold Project, Curionopolis Iron Project, Caninde Graphite Project, Sergipe Potash Project, Grace Gold Project, Corina Gold Project, and Condoroma Copper Project (Peru), among others. 	Lara Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	March 31, 2003
LGO	Largo Resources Ltd is a Canada-based mineral company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of its mining and exploration properties located in Brazil and Canada. The Company has two operating segments: development properties, and exploration and evaluation properties. The Company is focused on the production of vanadium at its Maracas Menchen Mine. The Company's portfolio of other projects include an interest in the Currais Novos Tungsten Tailings Project in Brazil; an interest in the Campo Alegre de Lourdes Iron-Vanadium Project in Brazil, and an interest in the Northern Dancer Tungsten-Molybdenum property in the Yukon Territory, Canada. Vanadio de Maracas SA is the subsidiary of the Company. 	Largo Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
LE	Lariat Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of petroleum and natural gas interests. The Company's Willesden Green North property is located approximately 30 miles west of Red Deer, Alberta, Canada. The Company holds approximately 2.5% non-operated working interest in over seven sections of the Willesden Green North Property. 	Lariat Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	December 2, 1985
LHC	Lancaster Capital Corp., formerly Long Harbour Exploration Corp., is a Canada-based company that focuses on pursuing non-mining sector business opportunities. The Company is engaged in sourcing, reviewing and acquiring business opportunities, including the mineral resource sector. The Company holds interest in around five mineral dispositions in the Athabasca Basin in northern Saskatchewan. Four of the claims are referred to as the 2Z Lake Property and the other claim is called the Madison Property, collectively (the Properties). The Company's 2Z Lake property covers an area of approximately 354 hectares. It also holds interest in the Madison uranium property located in the Athabasca basin in Northern Saskatchewan, which covers an area of approximately 1,347 hectares. The Madison property is situated approximately 28 kilometers south of McClean Lake Sue mine and deposits, and 30 kilometers east of the Cigar Lake mine. 	Lancaster Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 26, 2004
LTG	nul	Lateral Gold Corp			--	
LMD	LED Medical Diagnostics Inc. (LED) is a Canada-based dental imaging services and technology company. The Company provides dentists and oral health care specialists with a portfolio of diagnostic dental imaging products and software. Its portfolio includes its dental imaging products and the VELscope device. The Company markets a medical device under the trade name VELscope, which is used in the dental industry to help identify oral soft tissue abnormalities, including those which may be cancerous or precancerous and also to help define appropriate margins for surgical excision. The Company also has a digital imaging division, which provides dentists and oral health specialists with diagnostic imaging products and software. The core of the product line is the RAYSCAN digital extra oral imaging machine, which comes in panoramic, cephalometric and Cone Beam Computed Technology (CBCT), varieties. LED's subsidiaries include LED Dental (US) Ltd., LED Dental Inc. and Essentia Genetics Corp. 	LED Medical Diagnostics Inc	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	23	July 17, 2002
LAT	Latin American Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of resource properties. The Company's projects include Paso Yobai Gold Project, Itapoty Diamond Project, Chiriguelo Niobium/Rare Earth Project in Paraguay, and Tendal Zinc-Copper Property in Argentina. The Paso Yobai gold project area consists of 15,020 hectares of mineral rights. The project consists of two concession groups: the Independencia Mine, which is a permitted mining concession 99%-owned by the Company (6,596 hectares), and the 100%-owned prospecting license claims (8,424 hectares) over the X-Mile Trend geologic feature. The Itapoty diamond project is located in Paraguay approximately 150 kilometers northeast of Asuncion. The project consists of two 100%-owned exploration property claims, totaling 155,800 hectares. The Company holds 100% interest in the 80,000 hectares Tendal project, located in the province of La Rioja in northwestern Argentina. 	Latin American Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 9, 2003
LBL	Lattice Biologics Ltd., formerly Blackstone Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based company, which develops, manufactures and markets biologic products to domestic and international markets. The Company is in the field of cellular therapies and tissue engineering with a focus on bone, skin and cartilage regeneration. Its products are used in various applications, such as enhancing fusion in spine surgery; enhancing breast reconstruction post mastectomy for breast cancer patients; sports medicine indications, including anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) repair; promotion of bone regeneration in foot and ankle surgery; promotion of skull healing following neurosurgery; enhancing wound repair in burn victims, and subchondral bone defect repair in knee and other joint surgeries. The Company's products include Bicortical Dowel, Cancellous Block and Cancellous Cervical Block, which are used for spinal fusions, spinal reconstructions and applications, and general orthopedic reconstructions. 	Lattice Biologics Ltd	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	November 7, 1989
LME	Laurion Mineral Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of Canadian gold properties. Its Ishkoday property is situated in the Onaman-Tashota Greenstone Camp. Ishkoday property comprises a 4,442 hectares land package consisting of five properties. The property holds 100% interest in approximately 15 mining leases (657 hectares) located in Irwin, Walters, Elmhirst and Pifher Townships; 100% interest in approximately 13 mining claims totaling 179 units (2,864 hectares) located in Pifher and Elmhirst Townships; 100% interest in three mineral claims comprising 21 claim units (336 hectares) located in Walters and Elmhirst Townships (Ishkoday-East); a 100% interest in a mining lease comprising approximately 30 mining leases, (447 hectares) located in Elmhirst Township (Beaurox), and a 100% interest in a mineral claim comprising four claim units (64 hectares) located in Walters Township. 	Laurion Mineral Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	April 17, 1945
LES	Leis Industries Limited is a Canada-based company that is primarily engaged in real estate development. The Company provides financing for acquisition of residential and commercial development property investments through its subsidiary. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Salt Resorts Inc., is formed to acquire real estate property for development purposes. 	Leis Industries Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
LTV	LeoNovus Inc. (LeoNovus) is a Canada-based technology company. The Company has launched a browser-based SMART MEDIA platform with a managed cloud system that provides High-definition televisions and other connected digital devices with the access to features, content and functionality over the Web. Applications have been developed for delivering services in the hospitality market. In addition, LeoNovus has developed cloud technology, which has the ability to utilize the computer central processing unit cores that would otherwise be idle in LeoNovus enabled computer hardware devices. This technology allows it to offer compute and storage cloud services from geographically-dispersed distributed data centers. It delivers a real-time service model to multiple markets, including residential, hospitality, commercial businesses and healthcare. It enables ongoing just-in-time services and includes support, updates, metrics and transaction capabilities while providing a secure network. 	LeoNovus Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	December 30, 2008
LET	Letho Resources Corp. (Letho), formerly Touchdown Resources Inc., is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and mining of mineral properties. Letho has no mineral resources and is not in commercial production on any of its properties. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Letho Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	July 25, 2005
LXE	Leucrotta Exploration Inc. is an oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration, and production of oil and natural gas reserves in northeastern British Columbia, Canada. The Company is a Montney focused producer with lands located in the Dawson-Sunrise area in Northeast British Columbia. Its acreage in the area is approximately 115,000 gross (100,000 net) acres or approximately 180 gross (155 net) sections of Montney land. Its production is approximately 2,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd). 	Leucrotta Exploration Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	17	June 10, 2014
LPS	Legend Power Systems Inc. (Legend) is a Canada-based electrical energy conservation company. Legend and its wholly owned subsidiaries, 0809882 B.C. Ltd., Legend Power Systems Corp. and LPSI (Barbados) Limited, is engaged in marketing a device designed to provide energy savings through voltage optimization to commercial and industrial customers. The Companys Electrical Harmonizer and Automatic Voltage Regulator (Electrical Harmonizer-AVR) eliminates wastes by delivering the optimal level of voltage that a user needs. By delivering the optimal voltage to the user, Legends Electrical Harmonizer-AVR helps customers reduce their electricity bills. 	Legend Power Systems Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	11	November 8, 2007
LGN	Legend Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in the Republic of Mali. It has 10 exploration properties located in western Mali and six exploration licenses in southern Mali. Its portfolio includes four 100% owned early to advanced-stage gold exploration projects and one joint venture project consisting of seven permit with Randgold Resources in Mali. Its projects include the Diba Project, Lakanfla Project, Randgold JV, Tabakorole Project and Mougnina Project. Its projects are located close to major mines in western and southern Mali. The Company is engaged in evaluating opportunities to expand its portfolio in western Africa. 	Legend Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 8, 1997
LM	Lingo Media Corporation is an EdTech company. The Company is focused on online and print-based technologies and solutions through its two distinct business units: ELL Technologies and Lingo Learning. ELL Technologies is a global English language learning online training and assessment company creating new learning platforms. Lingo Learning is a print-based publisher of English language learning programs in China. The Company is extending its global reach, with an initial market expansion into Latin America. 	Lingo Media Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	April 22, 1996
LIO	Lion One Metals Limited is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, and developing mineral properties. The Company's material mineral property is the Tuvatu Gold Project located on the island of Viti Levu in Fiji. It also has non-material exploration properties, including a tenement interest in the Olary Creek iron project in South Australia, and two exploration properties covering around 27,489 hectares within two special prospecting licenses (SPLs) on the island of Vanua Levu in Fiji. The Company's Tuvatu Gold Project includes the exploration and evaluation of the potential for development of a gold deposit. The Olary Creek Iron Project is located in South Australia around 70 kilometers southwest of Broken Hill, New South Wales. The SPL 1467 (Vunimoli) covers around 22,000 hectares in the provinces of Macuata and Cakaudrove. SPL 1468 (Delaikoro) covers around 5,489 hectares approximately 20 kilometers from the town of Labasa in the provinces of Macuata and Cakaudrove. 	Lion One Metals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
LIX	Lithium X Energy Corp, formerly Royce Resources Corp., is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition of mineral properties. The Company will seek to select exploration areas on the basis of their recognized geological potential to host economic deposits. The Company is looking for projects in the natural resource sector. The Company has not generated any revenues from operations. 	Lithium X Energy Corp			--	May 11, 2011
LGR	Logan Resources Ltd. is an exploration-stage company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties across North America. The Company's properties include Chuchi Property, which is located in the Omineca Mining Division of British Columbia and covering an area of approximately 6,510 hectares; Redford Property, which is located approximately 22 kilometers northeast of Ucluelet on Vancouver Island; Shell Creek Property, which is located approximately 75 kilometers northwest of Dawson City, in the Dawson Mining District, in West-Central Yukon Territory; Heidi Property, which is located approximately 95 kilometers east-northeast of Dawson City, Yukon Territory and approximately 30 kilometers east of the Dempster Highway and Carswell Dome Property, which consists of two claims on the Carswell Dome Structure, Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan. The Company acquires and advances mineral properties prospective for precious metals, base metals and uranium. 	Logan Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
OIL	LGXOil + Gas Inc. is a junior oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of resource-type oil and natural gas opportunities focused in southern Alberta. The Company produces crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas. The Company's Alberta Bakken cash-generating unit (CGU) consists of primarily light oil and natural gas producing assets and undeveloped land located in southern Alberta. Manyberries, CGU consists of primarily light oil assets located in southwest Alberta. The Armada CGU, which includes natural gas and light oil producing assets, is located in southern Alberta. The Company's Southern Alberta Minors CGU consists of light oil producing assets in southern Alberta. 	LGX Oil + Gas Inc	Energy	Integrated Oil & Gas	1	
LBC	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
LSI	Lonestar West Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in providing the technical application of hydro-vacuum, vacuum, water truck and auxiliary services, primarily to infrastructure and oil and gas customers. The Company's operational segment is engaged in providing vacuum and hydro-vacuum services for various industries within Canada and the United States. The Company operates throughout North America providing services for drilling operations in Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, British Columbia, California, Oklahoma and Texas. The Company owns a 100% interest in Lonestar Vacuum Inc., Lonestar Sylvan Inc., Lonestar West USA Inc., Lonestar West Services, LLC and Lonestar West Enterprises, LLC. 	Lonestar West Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	June 5, 2008
LMG	Lincoln Mining Corporation is a precious metals exploration and development company. The Company has projects in various stages of exploration which include the Pine Grove property in Nevada, United States, and the Oro Cruz gold property in California, United States. The Company's primary focus is to advance its gold-silver property in Nevada, the Pine Grove Property, towards production. The Pine Grove Property is an exploration-stage gold project. The project lies south of Yerington, in the Pine Grove Hills, Lyon County, Nevada. The Company has mining leases on the Wilson and Wheeler mines (patented claims) and 243 unpatented claims owned directly by the Company. Oro Cruz is a pre-development stage gold project located in the Tumco Mining District of southeastern California. Oro Cruz consists of 151 lode claims covering approximately 3,000 acres. In the United States, the Company operates under its subsidiaries, Lincoln Gold US Corp and Lincoln Resource Group Corp. 	Lincoln Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 15, 2006
LMR	Lomiko Metals Inc. (Lomiko) is a Canada-based, exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Companys mineral properties include the Quatre Milles Graphite property and the Vines Lake property. Quatre Milles Graphite Property is located approximately 175 kilometers northwest of Montreal, which consists of 28 contiguous claims totaling approximately 1,641 hectares. The Vines Lake property holds the rights to 5,403 hectares located in the south western corner of the Cassiar Gold District. Total documented lode and placer gold production to date from the Cassiar Gold District is about 425,100 ounces (13,222 kilograms) of gold. 	Lomiko Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 3, 1987
LNE	Loon Energy Corporation is a Canada-based international oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company owns interests in certain South American oil and gas assets, which include interests in properties in Colombia that are obtained by way of farm-out agreements, and an interest in a block of exploration lands in Peru. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Loon Peru Limited, has an exploration license contract with PERUPETRO S.A granting it the right to explore for and produce hydrocarbons from Block 127 in the Maranon Basin area of northeast Peru. The Company, through its subsidiary, Loon Petroleo Ltd. (Loon Petroleo), has established a branch in Guatemala through which separate bids are submitted for three exploration blocks located in Guatemala. The Company has not conducted any active oil and gas operations and pursues the acquisition of international oil and gas opportunities. 	Loon Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	October 30, 2008
LLC	Lorraine Copper Corporation is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Companys mineral properties and other capital assets are located in Canada and all exploration expenditures have been incurred in Canada. The Company acquired the Lorraine-Jajay mineral property through the plan of arrangement with Eastfield Resources Ltd. and Lysander Minerals Corporation, which is subjected to an option agreement with Teck Resources Limited (Teck). The Companys Lorraine property is located in the Omineca region of British Columbia, approximately 280 kilometres northwest of Prince George. The combined property covers an area of approximately 39,046 hectares (96,481 acres), which has copper-gold occurrences related to alkalic intrusives. The Lorraine property has many different zones and areas of interest, which are divided into the Lower Main Zone and Upper Main Zone. 	Lorraine Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 23, 2007
LPC	Lorne Park Capital Partners Inc. (LPCP) is a capital pool company. Bellwether Investment Management Inc. and Bellwether Asset Management Inc. (BAM) hold 74.4% of LPCP's common shares. 	Lorne Park Capital Partners Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	October 25, 2013
LA	Los Andes Copper Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of advanced stage copper deposits in Latin America. The Company is involved in the acquisition and exploration of mineral right interests and the development of a hydroelectric project in Chile. The Company operates through three segments: mineral exploration, hydroelectric project and corporate. The Company owns the Vizcachitas porphyry copper-molybdenum project, located 120 kilometers north of Santiago, Fifth Region, Chile. The Vizcachitas Property includes a porphyry copper-molybdenum deposit that offers potential for a low strip, open pit operation in an area of low. The Vizcachitas deposit occurs in the same metallogenic belt as the copper-molybdenum porphyries Rio Blanco-Los Bronces, Los Pelambres-El Pachon and El Teniente. 	Los Andes Copper Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 7, 1983
JDL	Lowell Copper Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company has four mineral projects: the Ricardo Property, Santa Marta VMS Project, Warintza Project and the West Jerome Project. The Ricardo Property is an exploration stage porphyry copper prospect located near Calama, Chile in the Calama Mining District, Chile. The Santa Marta VMS Project is a copper-gold project located in the southeastern part of Oaxaca State, Mexico. The concession block covers 7,310 hectares. The Warintza Project is located in southeastern Ecuador, in the province of Morona Santiago, canton Limon Indanza. It consists of three Metallic Mineral Concessions that cover a total of 10,000 hectares. The West Jerome property consists of approximately five square kilometers of claims on the west side of patented lands held by Freeport McMoran. 	Lowell Copper Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 23, 2007
LJ	Lucky Minerals Inc (Lucky) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Companys properties include Emigrant Project, Montana, United States and Vianey Mine Project, Mexico. The Company has entered into an option agreement with Grand Peak Capital Corp. to acquire around 100% interest in the Vianey and Jabali mining concessions, which are located in the Guerrero Gold Belt, Guerrero State, Mexico, consisting of the Vianey Project. It has entered into an agreement to acquire around 100% interest in seven claims located in Montana, the United States of America. The Company is engaged in the exploration on a property, Emigrant, located in Montana. The Company has interests in Upper Canyon Minerals Peru S.A.C., the main assets of which are Josefina and Silver Mountain claims, silver and base metals concessions located in Huarochiri Province of Lima, Peru. 	Lucky Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 7, 2007
LEN	Lund Enterprises Corp., formerly Lund Gold Ltd. is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, and exploration and evaluation of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company is focused on its Black Fox gold project. Its Black Fox project consists of approximately nine claims totaling over 76 units located in Tuuri Township, in the Schreiber-Hemlo Greenstone Belt, in the Thunder Bay Mining Division of Northern Ontario. Its Black Fox property covers an area of approximately 1,216 hectares. The Black Fox Property includes zones up to hundreds of meters wide characterized by quartz/sericite/pyrite and quartz/fuchsite/pyrite schists associated with shearing that is parallel and subparallel to regional structures. The Company conducted a first-phase exploration program consisting of geological and geochemical sampling, mapping, prospecting, line-cutting and detailed ground magnetic surveying. West Asia Holdings Ltd. is the Company's subsidiary. 	Lund Enterprises Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	7	June 22, 1978
LPK	Lupaka Gold Corp. (Lupaka) is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral resource properties. The Company's principal activities consist of evaluating, acquiring, exploring and developing gold mining properties in Peru. Lupaka's resource properties are located in Peru and are held by Lupaka's 100% owned subsidiaries. The Company's mineral properties consist of the Crucero Gold Project located in southeast Peru, the Invicta Gold Project located in northwest Peru. The Company owns the Invicta Gold Project, which is located in the Province of Huaura, in the Department of Lima in northwest Peru, approximately 260 kilometers from the city of Lima. The Crucero Gold Project is located in southeastern Peru in the Department of Puno, Province of Carabaya, District of Crucero. The Josnitoro Gold Project is an exploration-stage gold and copper project located approximately 600 kilometers by road southeast of Lima in the Department of Apurimac. 	Lupaka Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 3, 2000
LRL	Luxor Industrial Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the development, engineering, manufacturing and marketing of engineered wood products. The Company operates in three areas of activity. In the industrial sector, the Company manufactures wood mat products for various applications, including transmission lines, pipelines, wind farms, staging areas, boardwalks and pathways and oil and gas and mining operations. In the commercial sector, the Company distributes and designs engineered wood products (laminated beams) for use in wood structures. In the residential construction sector, the Company manufactures and markets its IBS 2000 and pending IBS3000 floor engineered bridging. The Company also manufactures other building components, architectural wood products and offers various custom wood cutting services. 	Luxor Industrial Corp	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	--	
LVL	Lynden Energy Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing petroleum and natural gas (P&NG) rights and properties. The Company has various working interests in the Midland Basin (Wolfberry) and Eastern Shelf (Mitchell Ranch), located in the Permian Basin in west Texas, the United States and in the Paradox Basin Project, located in the State of Utah, the United States. The Company operates in two geographic areas: Canada and the United States. The Wolfberry Project targets oil (and gas) production from the Spraberry and Wolfcamp formations. The Mitchell Ranch Project is focused on Permo-Pennsylvanian-aged detrital targets along the eastern shelf of the Permian Basin. The Paradox Basin project is a natural gas focused project located in the Paradox Basin in southwest Utah. The project is separated into two contiguous P&NG prospect areas: the Northern Prospect Area and the Southern Prospect Area. 	Lynden Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
MMS	Macarthur Minerals Limited (Macarthur) is an Australia-based company focused on the exploration and evaluation of iron ore, including hematite and magnetite deposits, within the Company's projects, the Macarthur Iron Ore Projects. The Company's iron ore projects are owned by its wholly owned subsidiary, Macarthur Iron Ore Pty Ltd (MIO) and MIO's subsidiary, Macarthur Midway Pty Ltd. The Macarthur Iron Ore Projects consist of two mineral projects: The Ularring Hematite Project, including hematite iron ore, and the Moonshine Magnetite Project, including magnetite iron ore. The Macarthur Iron Ore Projects are located on exploration and mining tenements covering approximately 645 square kilometers, located approximately 175 kilometers northwest of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia. The Company is also undertaking investigation regarding nickel and gold prospectivity on some tenements. 	Macarthur Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	--	December 2, 2002
BMK	MacDonald Mines Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company focuses on the Ring of Fire in James Bay (Butler) property, Ontario. The Butler property is located 47 kilometers south-west of Webequie, Ontario. The Company has four volcanic massive sulfides (VMS) greenstone fold limbs to the north, west and southeast. The Butler Five Zone has Nickel-Copper sulfides. The Butler property has around 73 contiguous mining claims, covering an area of around 176.9 square kilometers. Its targeted commodities include VMS, copper, zinc, magmatic massive sulfides (MMS), nickel, platinum-group elements (PGE) and vanadium. 	MacDonald Mines Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 1, 2011
MMX	MacMillan Minerals Inc. a Canada-based company. The Companys principal business activity is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Mexico. Its exploration properties are Cerro de Oro Project, Las Cucharas Project, La Violetta Project. The Cerro de Oro Project is a property option agreement with Minera Penasquito S.A. de C.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Goldcorp Inc. The Las Cucharas Properties are located within the Municipality of Huajicori, at the north end of the State of Nayarit in west-central Mexico. The Company has been granted a total of 18 concessions totalling approximately 4,679 hectares, collectively referred to as the Las Cucharas Project. The La Violetta, the Palmira, and the Chino Gordo properties are collectively referred to as the La Violetta Project. 	MacMillan Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 5, 2008
MVN	Madalena Energy Inc. (Madalena) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas exploration, development and production company with operations both internationally in the Neuquen and NorOeste basins of Argentina and domestically within the greater Paddle River area of Alberta, Canada. The Company's operational segments are based on geographic area and comprise Canada and Argentina. In Canada, the Company's core area of operations is located in the Greater Paddle River area of west-central Alberta, where it holds approximately 200 gross sections of land encompassing light oil and liquids-rich gas resource plays. The Company holds over 950,000 net acres within five provinces in Argentina where it is focused on the delineation of large petroleum in-place unconventional resources in the Vaca Muerta and Agrio shales, in addition to multiple tight sand plays. 	Madalena Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	99	April 1, 2013
MCR	Macro Enterprises Inc. is engaged in providing pipeline and facilities construction and pipeline repair services to companies in the oil and gas industry in western Canada. Pipeline construction performs a range of activities, including clearing and grading of the right-of-way, welding of the pipe to form a continuous pipeline, creating a ditch in which to bury the pipe and backfilling the ditch, among others. Pipeline repair is divided in two categories, emergency and planned work. Emergency work usually results from the occurrence of an incident, such as a leak condition. Pipeline repair includes mobilizing personnel and equipment to site requiring work, excavate and expose the pipeline section that requires a repair or assessment and remove pipeline coating and assess the pipeline to determine magnitude of repair required, among others. The Company owns mechanics shop in Fort St. John where it maintains all of its heavy duty construction equipment. 	Macro Enterprises Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	139	January 30, 2006
MNM	Magellan Minerals Ltd. is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company has interests in gold projects in the states of Para and Mato Grosso in Brazil and an interest in a gold exploration property in Nevada. Its primary gold projects are the Coringa and Cuiu Cuiu properties located in Para. The Coringa project comprises 23,754 hectares and is located 250 kilometers south of the Company's Cuiu Cuiu discovery in northern Brazil and approximately 65 kilometers south-west of the town of Novo Progresso. The property comprises a series of gold bearing veins. The Company's Mato Velho property is located adjacent to and north of the Coringa property. 	Magellan Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 5, 2004
MCC	Magor Corporation is a Canada-based company, which develops and markets visual collaboration software. The Company also delivers private and public cloud services. Through Aerus platform, it offers software architecture to the cloud and cloud-based service platforms. Its Aerus Service Delivery Platform (SDP) provides various service options to the end users, such as support for the desktop visual collaboration client for Windows and new Aerus OnDemand services, which provide personalized virtual meeting rooms and Web real time communication (WebRTC)-based Webinar-style collaboration services. It offers services to various industries, such as government, policing, national security, healthcare, financial services, contact centers, mining, higher education, aerospace and manufacturing. Its subsidiaries include Magor Communications Corp. in Canada, Magor Communications, Inc. in the United States and Magor Communications Limited in the United Kingdom. 	Magor Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 27, 2009
MCP.P	Maestro Capital Corporation is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of assets or a business and once identified or evaluated, to negotiate an acquisition or participation in a business. 	Maestro Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 15, 2014
MJX	Majescor Resources Inc. (Majescor) is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Haiti, Quebec and Madagascar for discovering commercially exploitable deposits of minerals, which includes base metals, precious metals and uranium. The Company's projects include SOMINE project, which is controlled by Majescor's affiliate, SIMACT Alliance Copper-Gold Inc. (SACG). The SOMINE project is located in the North-East Mineral District of Haiti. The Company's project portfolio also includes the Mistassini uranium property in which the Company holds 40% interest. The Mistassini uranium property is located in the James Bay territory of northern Quebec. In Madagascar, the Company owns 100% mineral rights to the Besakoa gold-and-base metal property. 	Majescor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 23, 1996
MGI	Magnum Goldcorp Inc., formerly Magnum Capital Corp, is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Company continues to seek new business opportunities to raise capital. 	Magnum Goldcorp Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 4, 2011
MJS	Majestic Gold Corp. (Majestic) is a Canada-based gold producer with mining operations in China. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. Its principal mining operation is the Songjiagou Gold Mine (Songjiagou), which is located in Muping County on the Jiaodong Peninsula, Shandong Province. Songjiagou is a mesothermal deposit hosted in a conglomerate in the Laiyang Group Linsishian formation. The Songjiagou Mine has three processing plants, with a mining capacity of approximately 5,000 to 10,000 tons per day. The gold production from the Songjiagou Gold Mine is approximately 19,630 ounces. Majestic Yantai Gold Ltd. is a subsidiary of the Company. 	Majestic Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 30, 1986
MDO	Manado Gold Corp. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company owns approximately 75% interest in the Clisbako Property. The Clisbako Property consists of around 10 contiguous mineral claims covering approximately 3,387.889 hectares located in the Interior Plateau Region of north central British Columbia. In addition, the Company has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Takla Property. The Company's Takla Property consists of about five mineral claims located in the Omineca Mining Division of British Colombia. 	Manado Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 13, 2010
MKN	nul	Makena Resources Inc			--	
MEA.P	Manera Capital Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of business and assets for potential acquisition. The Company does not have any commercial operations. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Manera Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 9, 2013
MNX	Manitex Capital Inc. is a Canada-based company that specializes in acquiring interests in companies and participates in increasing shareholder value in these businesses. The Company has two business segments: diversified investments and pharmaceutical. The Company's diversified investments segment holds interests in companies in the life science industry and also invests in marketable securities The Company's pharmaceutical segment acquires and markets over-the-counter and prescription products, as well as in-licensing and developing its own pharmaceutical products. The Company has two subsidiaries: Valeo Pharma Inc., a pharmaceutical company, and ANRis Pharmaceuticals Inc., which specializes in research on the delivery of nucleic acids for therapeutic purposes. 	Manitex Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	March 12, 1998
MEI	Manitok Energy Inc. is a Canada-based junior oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, and the development, production and acquisition of petroleum and natural gas reserves in Western Canada. The Company conducts its operations in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and in Alberta. The Company is focused on conventional oil and gas reservoirs in the Canadian Foothills and Southeast Alberta. The Company's properties include Cordel/Stolberg, Entice, Fallen Timber, Quirk Creek and Southern Alberta Foothills. The Company operated two drilling rigs in the Stolberg. 	Manitok Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	33	July 8, 2010
MTU	Manitou Gold Inc. is junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties for the mining of precious metals interests located in the Gold Rock District of Northwestern Ontario. The Company's mineral assets include a 100% interest in the Kenwest property, located in Kenora Mining Division, Ontario and 100% interest in the Gaffney Extension property, located in Kenora Mining Division, Ontario. It also holds claims for other properties located in Kenora Mining Division. The Company has completed structural mapping and mechanical trenching in the Kenwest property. The Company has conducted geological mapping, prospecting, line cutting and soil sampling programs across a portion Gaffney Extension. 	Manitou Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	May 8, 2009
MCK	Manson Creek Resources Ltd. (Manson) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and exploration of early-stage gold projects across Canada. The Company is engaged in the business of mineral exploration and development. The Company's projects include the Tell Project and the Meridian Gold Silver project. The Tell project holds approximately 230 claims covering approximately 4,900 hectares, which is located approximately 140 kilometers east of Mayo, Yukon. The Meridian Gold Silver project is located approximately 40 kilometers from Revelstoke, British Columbia. The Meridian Gold Silver project has its claims in approximately 670 hectares. The Company has not generated any revenues from its mining operations. 	Manson Creek Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 14, 1983
MBG	Malbex Resources Inc. is a Canada-based international mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious metals properties. The Company is focused on identifying a new project and has determined not to limit its search for a new project to the mining and resource sector and is broadening its search to other opportunities where it may be possible to create shareholder value. 	Malbex Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	December 8, 2009
MTH	Mammoth Resources Corp. (Mammoth) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is focused on acquiring and defining precious metal resources in Mexico and other mining friendly jurisdictions in the Americas. The Company has an option to acquire 100% of the Tenoriba Property located in the Sierra Madre Precious Metal Belt in southwestern Chihuahua State, Mexico. The Tenoriba property consists of three concessions, Mapy 1, Mapy 2 and Fernanda, covering a land package of approximately 8,100 hectares, and is located in the heart of the Sierra Madre. The Company has no operating revenues. The Company continues to seek other option agreements in the Americas on other properties it deems to host above average potential for economic concentrations of precious metals mineralization. 	Mammoth Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 7, 2011
MGW	Maple Leaf Green World Inc. is a Canada-based company that focuses on eco-agriculture and renewable energy in the environmental industry. The Company is exploring opportunities for its eco-agriculture nursery business, including medical marijuana in Canada and its renewable energy business in China. The Company has formed a wholly owned subsidiary in the state of California, United States, Golden State Green World LLC, to secure (by lease or purchase) land (the Site) situated within the State of California and construct up to four cold frame greenhouses (the Facility) on the Site with capacity to grow enough medical marijuana plants to meet the medical needs of the Collective's medical marijuana patients. 	Maple Leaf Green World Inc	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	--	February 24, 2005
MAP.P	Maple Peak Investments Inc. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has not commenced operations. 	Maple Peak Investments Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 7, 2013
DIA	Margaret Lake Diamonds Inc. (MLD), formerly known as JDV Capital Corp., is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration and development company. The Companys principal business includes exploration and development of the Property, in which it holds an interest, and the identification and acquisition of interests in additional, mineral properties. The Company is focused on the development of the Margaret Lake Property, in the Northwest Territories. The Property is approximately 78 kilometers north of the East Arm of Great Slave Lake and is bounded to the south by both the Kennady Diamonds and DeBeers/Mountain Province ground packages. The Property is a land package, which includes 19 mineral claims totaling approximately 19,716 hectares. 	Margaret Lake Diamonds Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 9, 2011
MWI.UN	Maplewood International Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company was established as a Canadian-based international real estate investment vehicle to invest in income producing commercial real estate outside of Canada. The Company's initial geographic focus is on the investment grade countries of Europe, with an initial target market of the Netherlands. The objectives of the Company includes: to provide Canadian investors with international real estate diversification that offers risk-adjusted investment yields; to build a diversified, growth-oriented portfolio of income producing commercial properties in target markets outside of Canada, with an initial focus on the Netherlands, and to provide sustainable and growing cash distributions on a tax-efficient basis. 	Maplewood International Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 15, 2013
MRL	Margaux Resources Ltd. (Margaux) is a Canada-based resource company. The Company's projects include the Jersey Emerald Tungsten-Zinc Property and the Jumpbush oil and gas production in south eastern Alberta. The Company's Jersey Emerald Tungsten-Zinc Property is located in southeastern British Columbia, which is to southeast of the community of Salmo. The Jersey Emerald Tungsten-Zinc Property consists of mineral claims and crown grants covering approximately 15,000 hectares in the Nelson Mining Division. The Jersey Emerald Tungsten-Zinc property has a resource for tungsten and for lead zinc. In addition, the Jersey Emerald Tungsten-Zinc Property is prospective for additional deposits of tungsten, zinc, lead, and gold and silver. The Jersey Emerald Tungsten-Zinc property has around four deposit types, which are carbonate-hosted lead-zinc (Irish style massive sulphide), sedex type zinc-silver-copper, and gold-bismuth skarn and tungsten skarn mineralization. 	Margaux Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	3	August 5, 2009
MFM	Marifil Mines Limited (Marifil) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company's business model involves identifying properties, adding value through exploration, and then farming out these properties to other mining companies. The Company operates in Argentina through a wholly owned subsidiary called Marifil S.A. The Company's properties include Las Aguilas, San Luis Province; Toruel, Rio Negro Province, and San Roque, Rio Negro Province. The Las Aguilas property is an 11,436-hectare property, consisting of thirteen mining rights, located in central Argentina in the Province of San Luis. The property is approximately 800 kilometers west of Buenos Aires. The Toruel property is a 5,736-hectare property, consisting of two mining rights, located in southern Argentina in the Province of Rio Negro. The San Roque property is an 111,382-hectare property located in southern Argentina in the Province of Rio Negro. 	Marifil Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 2, 2003
MMC.P	Marching Moose Capital Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is a capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or a business with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction subject to receipt of shareholder approval and acceptance by regulatory authorities. The Company will not carry on any business other than the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a transaction, where the Company acquires assets, other than cash, by way of purchase, amalgamation, merger or arrangement with another company or by other means. The Company has not commenced commercial operations. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Marching Moose Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 24, 2013
MAH	Marksmen Energy Inc. is a Canada-based energy company. The Company is involved in the exploration for, development of and production of petroleum and natural gas properties in Ohio and Western Canada. The Company has joint ventured with Houghton Investments, LLC to jointly develop thousand acres within an area of mutual interest in south-central Ohio. These lands are considered prospective for Knox unconformity oil exploitation utilizing three dimensional (3D) seismic, vertical drilling and horizontal drilling. The Company and Houghton intend to jointly drill the vertical wells targeting the Knox unconformity. The Company has completed its first 3D seismic survey and developed 20 Cambrian Know remnant targets and drilling locations. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary includes Marksmen Energy USA, Inc. 	Marksmen Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 11, 2010
MLN	Marlin Gold Mining Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration for, development of and production of gold in the Americas and acquiring royalty streaming agreements. Its properties are located in the states of Sinaloa and Zacatecas Mexico. The properties located in Sinaloa are categorized as two discreet areas: the southernmost concessions falling within the La Trinidad concession grouping and the northern concessions falling within the El Rosario concession grouping. The Company's priority project is the Taunus deposit, located in Sinaloa, Mexico, which is within La Trinidad. The Company's wholly owned El Compas project, located in Zacatecas, Mexico, is host to the El Compas mine. It consists of 24 mineral concessions and one application located in the state of Zacatecas, which are subdivided into two properties, El Compas and Altiplano. The Company's The El Rosario concession grouping area includes mainly the Cimarron property. 	Marlin Gold Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 9, 2000
MAE	Maritime Resources Corp. (Maritime) is a gold and base metals exploration company with a focus on Canadian mining opportunities. The Company holds 100% of the 51.7 square kilometer (12,775 acres) Green Bay property which hosts the past producing Hammerdown gold mine and the Orion gold deposit separated by a 1.5 km distance, and the Lochinvar base-precious metals deposit. Maritime's Green Bay property in central Newfoundland hosts the Company's gold and base metal deposits. The Company's Hammerdown Mine includes the adjacent Rumbullion and Muddy Shag Gold deposits. The Orion Gold deposit is situated 1.5 kilometers to the Southwest and the Lochinvar base-precious metal deposit is located one kilometer East of Hammerdown. The Hammerdown Gold Deposit consists of a series of stacked gold vein zones situated within a 250 meter long section of an 1800 meter long shear zone in the northern portion of the Hammerdown deformation zone. 	Maritime Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 14, 2007
MXX	MATRRIX Energy Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the supply of down hole drilling technologies and efficiency for the oil and gas industry in North America. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and supply of horizontal and directional drilling technologies for the oil and gas industry in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Canada and the United States. For both segments, the Company is engaged in providing the services and supply of oil and gas down hole drilling technologies and efficiency to customers. The Company's subsidiary include MATRRIX (US) Energy Technologies Inc. 	MATRRIX Energy Technologies Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	25	January 7, 2011
LLG	Mason Graphite Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company focused on the exploration and development of its 100% owned Lac Gueret graphite project in northeastern Quebec. The Companys 100% owned Lac Gueret graphite property is located in northeastern Quebec near the main service center of Baie-Comeau and hosts a National Instrument 43-101 compliant Mineral Resource issued in December 2013 featuring 50,024,000 tons grading 15.6% Cg (carbon as graphite), including 6,672,000 tons at 32.4% Cg, in the Measured and Indicated categories and 11,861,000 tons at 17.1% Cg, including 2,637,000 tons at 30.5% Cg, in the Inferred category. 	Mason Graphite Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 15, 2011
MAS	Masuparia Gold Corporation (Masuparia) is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation properties in Canada. In its Greywacke property, the Company has a 51% interest in four mineral claims located in the northern Saskatchewan. Its La Ronge Gold Joint Venture (LRG JV) includes the Preview Lake and North Lake properties, with participating interests being 50:50 in all three properties, including Greywacke. The Companys Preview Lake properties are located within the southern La Ronge gold belt. It has a 50% participating interest in the North Lake properties. The Company has 100% interest in the Little Deer Lake property S-112357 adjacent to the North Lake property and Highway 102. 	Masuparia Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 7, 1981
MCM.A	Matachewan Consolidated Mines, Limited is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company has investments in petroleum interests that it does not operate, as well as direct and indirect interest in mineral resource properties all of which are located in Canada. The Company also invests in natural resource -based marketable securities and investment in other companies. The Company has a royalty interest in the Matachewan property consisting of around 24 mining claims that forms part of the Young Davidson Mine operated by AuRico Gold Inc. 	Matachewan Consolidated Mines Ltd	Energy	Integrated Oil & Gas	--	July 10, 1933
MAT	Matamec Explorations Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on exploration of mineral properties for possible future commercial exploitation. The Company has 100% of six mineral properties in its portfolio, one of them is under option, one joint venture with 72%, two joint ventures of 50% and a royalty on another. Seven properties are located in Quebec and three in Ontario. These properties total 438 mining claims covering an area of 24,641 hectares in Quebec and 27 claims for 1,429 hectares in Ontario. It is exploring for precious metals, base metals, rare metals and rare earths. Its main focus is on the exploration and development of the REE-yttrium-zirconium Kipawa property, located in Temiscaming, south-western Quebec. The Company's properties include Matheson Pelangio, Matheson JV, Valmont, Vulcain, Sakami, Kipawa JV, Zeus and Tansim properties. 	Matamec Explorations Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 9, 1997
MAO	Maudore Minerals Ltd. (Maudore), a Canada-based company, is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of gold mining properties located in Quebec. The Company has 11 exploration projects including one advanced stage exploration project. The Company has a land position that extends 120 kilometers west-east along the Northern Volcanic Zone of the Abitibi Greenstone Belt. The Company's Comtois property is an advanced exploration project with the Osbell Gold Deposit and notable gold prospects Comtois NW, Hudson and Greer. The property is located 15 kilometers northwest of the town of Lebel-sur-Quevillon, Abitibi region, Province of Quebec and covers 13,825 hectares. Ten other grassroots exploration properties also occur in the Northern Volcanic Zone of the Abitibi Greenstone Belt. 	Maudore Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	January 28, 1997
MXM	Maxim Resources Inc. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of resource properties. The Company holds a reconnaissance contract for the Hassi Berkane Block, in the Kingdom of Morocco in partnership with the National Office of Hydrocarbons and Mines. The Hassi Berkane project is located onshore in the northeast part of Morocco and consists of approximately five thousand square kilometers. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Maxim Resources (Barbados) Inc., which is a holding company and is located in Barbados, and Maxim Resources (Caribbean) Inc., which is a holding company and is located in Caribbean. 	Maxim Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 25, 1988
MQL	Marquee Energy Ltd. is engaged in the acquisition of, exploration for, development of and production of oil and natural gas. The Company's operations are in Alberta and Saskatchewan. The Company focuses its activities on exploitation of existing opportunities and continued augmentation of its production, land base and drilling inventory within its core oil and liquids rich Michichi area in southern Alberta. It also is engaged in expanding its land base in its core Michichi area. Its principal properties are focused on exploring and producing from the Mannville and Banff plays in the Michichi area of east Alberta, and the Cummings and Sparky heavy oil plays in the Lloydminster area. It owns a total of approximately 567,000 gross acres (451,000 net acres) of oil and natural gas leases. It also has non-core producing assets at Carrot Creek, Windfall and Boundary Lake. 	Marquee Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	38	March 28, 2000
MEP	Marsa Energy Inc. (Marsa) is a Canada-based oil and natural gas company. The Company's operations are focused on Turkey and the circa Mediterranean region. The Company has not yet generated material revenues from its oil and gas interest in the Ortakoy exploration license in the Republic of Turkey. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Marsa Alberta Limited, Marsa International Cooperatief U.A and Marsa Turkey B.V. 	Marsa Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	September 24, 2014
MXR	Max Resource Corp. is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets include Diamond Peak, Nevada, United States; East Manhattan, Nevada, United States; Table Top, Nevada, United States, and Majuba Hill, Nevada, United States. It conducted drill programs at its Majuba Hill copper/silver project and East Manhattan Wash gold project in Nevada. The Company, at Majuba Hill, drilled one hole, MMX-24, to a depth of around 365.8 meters and intercepted 222.6 meters at around 0.27% copper and 10.1 grams per ton silver, inclusive of approximately 117.4 meter at 0.43% copper and 12.0 grams per ton silver. At East Manhattan Wash, its drilling is targeted at a surface soil anomaly exposed over a surface area in excess of around 1,650 meters by 450 meters that was identified by soil sampling programs. The first two holes were drilled vertically to a depth of around 39.3 meters and 38.1 meters. 	Max Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	April 25, 1994
MCW	MCW Energy Group Limited is a Canada-based holding company. The Company is focused on value creation of its technologies for the extraction of oil from oil sands and oil shale deposits, with a focus on Utah and its oil sands lease in Asphalt Ridge. MCW Energy CA, Inc. is the subsidiary of the Company, which owns subsidiary companies, MCW Oil Sands and TMC Capital LLC. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the business of oil sands mining and processing, through a plant using its extraction technology to recover oil from surface mined bitumen deposits, which is in the process of being completed on its property in Asphalt Ridge, Utah. The Company also owns the rights to a patent-pending process (the Extraction Technology) of extracting oil from oil sands utilizing a closed-loop solvent-based extraction system. Its extraction technology can be applied to both, water-wet deposits or the oil-wet deposits, and its does not utilize water in the extraction process. 	MCW Energy Group Ltd			--	
MCS	McChip Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged in the natural resource industry. The Company invests in petroleum interests in Western Canada, as well as direct and indirect interests in minerals. The indirect interests are in the form of marketable securities and investment in other companies, which are listed on recognized exchanges. The Company's project is Saskatchewan Potash Project. The Company owns a 100% working interest in approximately 4,147 acres and a 50% working interest in approximately 240 acres in the Rocainville Area, located in south eastern Saskatchewan. 	McChip Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	4	March 8, 1935
MCX	McorpCX, Inc., Touchpoint Metrics Inc. (Touchpoint Metrics) is a customer experience (CX) management solutions company. The Company is engaged in the business of developing and delivering technology-enabled products, such as Touchpoint Mapping, a cloud based suite of customer experience management software. The Company's services enable organizations plan and design customer experiences, in addition to analysis and review of client data gathered through its application. Its Other services include customer experience training, strategy consulting and business process optimization. The Company's software product, Touchpoint Mapping On-Demand is delivered through a cloud-based platform. Its MCorp services include customer experience management consulting in the areas of strategy development, planning and education, among others. 	McorpCX Inc			6	December 7, 2001
MDL	Medallion Resources Ltd. (Medallion) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company's Red Wine Property is a rare earth mineral property, which consists of four Labrador mineral licenses covering an area of approximately 3,325 hectares that lies approximately 90 kilometers northeast of Churchill Falls, Labrador. The Company's operations consist of acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties using various techniques, such as sampling, trenching, and geophysical and geochemical methods, as well as drilling. In addition, Medallion focuses on a rare earth business, which involves in the mineral monazite. 	Medallion Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 8, 1989
MED	Medgold Resources Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of gold properties in northwest Iberia and the gold provinces of southern Europe. Medgold Resources Corp.'s projects include: gold provinces in Portugal, such as Limarinho that located in Boticas, Lagares gold project, Valongo, Balazar, Castelo de Paiva projects that located in Valongo Belt and gold properties in Serbia, among others. The Company is exploring the Valgongo Belt primarily for orogenic gold deposits. Its wholly-owned subsidiary in the Republic of Serbia is focused on exploration of epithermal-porphyry mineralization. The Company operates as a part of the Vancouver-based Gold Group of companies which includes Fortuna Silver Mines, Radius Gold Inc., Focus Ventures Ltd and Rackla Metals. 	Medgold Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 19, 1966
MVP	MediaValet Inc., formerly VRX Worldwide Inc., develops and delivers enterprise cloud software to the manufacturing, healthcare, resource, agricultural, consulting, consumer, travel and hospitality brands. The Company's enterprise cloud software allows medium to enterprise businesses manage, secure and share their digital assets. The Company offers its cloud-based digital asset management (DAM) solutions to companies of all sizes, across all industries, throughout the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Asia/Pacific. The Company delivers auto scaling to ensure customers always have enough storage, bandwidth and raw processing power; triple redundancy and geo-replication to ensure assets are never lost, and enterprise security to ensure customers' assets are safe and secure. 	MediaValet Inc	Technology	Software	--	December 29, 1993
MPH	Medicure Inc. (Medicure) is a pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, clinical development and commercialization of human therapeutics. The Company's primary operating focus is on the sale and marketing of its acute care cardiovascular drug, AGGRASTAT (tirofiban hydrochloride) owned by its subsidiary, Medicure International, Inc. and distributed in the United States and its territories through the Company's United States subsidiary, Medicure Pharma, Inc. The Company is also engaged in the clinical development of TARDOXAL for neurological disorders. The Company's primary, non-AGGRASTAT research and development activity is TARDOXAL for the treatment of Tardive Dyskinesia (TD). The Company has completed Phase IIa stage of development for TARDOXAL. The Company is also developing Transdermal AGGRASTAT, a cure for acute cardiology. Transdermal AGGRASTAT is in preclinical-stage of development. 	Medicure Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	18	February 23, 2000
MFS	Medifocus Inc. is a medical system and device company. The Company operates in the focused heat systems for targeted thermotherapy of surface, subsurface and deep seated localized and regional cancers segment. It offers two technology platforms: the Endo-thermotherapy Platform and Adaptive Phased Array (APA) Microwave Focusing Platform. The Company's Endo-thermotherapy Platform is a catheter-basis focused heat technology platform, which delivers microwave thermotherapy to the diseased sites. Its Endo-thermotherapy Platform is used to treat cancers in prostate, rectum, cervix and esophagus. The Company's Adaptive Phased Array (APA) Microwave Focusing Platform directs microwave energy at tumor center to induce shrinkage or eradication of tumors. The Company focuses on prolieve thermodilatation system and APA 1000 Breast Cancer Treatment System (APA 1000). The Company's APA 1000 is used in breast cancer treatment. The Company has completed Phase II clinical trial of APA 1000. 	Medifocus Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	April 25, 2005
MYA	Maya Gold & Silver Inc (Maya) is an exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in Morocco, and is initiating mining and milling operations at its flagship project the Zgounder property. Maya owns 85% of shares of Zgounder Millenium Silver Mining S.A., which owns the Zgounder property, as well as 85% of the Boumadine property. The Company also owns 100% of the Amizmiz property, the Azegour property, the Mining permit No 233263 and the Touchkal property. All of these properties are located in Morocco. The Company also owns the La Campana property in Mexico. The Company's Amizmiz property is a gold exploration and mining prospect. Its Azegour permit lies directly south of the Amizmiz property. 	Maya Gold and Silver Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 19, 2007
MBI	Med BioGene Inc. (MBI) is a Canada-based life science company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of genomic-based clinical laboratory diagnostic tests. The Company is also focused on managing the license and rights to GeneFx Lung, a prognostic genomic-based test for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The Company markets various tests through its Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA)-certified laboratory, including ChemoFx, BioSpeciFx, iRview mets2 and GeneFx Colon. Both GeneFx Colon and GeneFx Lung are gene expression-based tests and, accordingly, share the brand name GeneFx. Early-stage NSCLC patients are treated primarily by surgical removal of their tumors. Recent clinical trials have shown that adjuvant chemotherapy, administered after tumor removal improves the survival of stage II patient. 	Med BioGene Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	October 16, 2002
MDX	MedX Health Corp. is a Canada-based medical device company. The Company the Company was focused on research, development, manufacturing and distribution of phototherapeutic medical devices, which use light energy in lower-level laser and light-emitting diode (LED). These products are offered to the rehabilitation market for treating pain, tissue damage, swelling and inflammation. The Company also offers SIAscopy, which is a medical device that is used to scan suspicious moles and lesions. The SIAscopy products use light to penetrate two millimeters below the surface of the skin, generating five images of the suspicious mole. This enables physicians to assess the condition of the moles, and provide immediate feedback to their patients. 	Medx Health Corp	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	April 15, 1999
MDV	Megastar Development Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is focused on mineral exploration in Quebec and British Columbia, Canada. The Company's properties include Ralleau property and Sedex property. The Company has a 100% interest in the Ralleau property located within the Abitibi greenstone belt approximately 40 kilometers east of Quevillon, Quebec. The Ralleau property consists of approximately 89 contiguous mineral claims covering approximately 5,014 hectares. The Company has a 100% interest in approximately nine mineral claim units with a total area of approximately 3,302 hectares situated in the Gataga-Akie SEDEX zinc/lead/silver district approximately 280 kilometers north-northwest of Mackenzie, British Columbia. 	Megastar Development Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 24, 1984
MLR	Melior Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, focused on assessing, developing and operating resource projects. The Companys current major asset is the recently purchased Goondicum Mine (Goondicum) located in Queensland, Australia. Goondicum is a near-operational project with significant installed infrastructure and processing facilities on site. It has previously operated for various periods successfully producing and selling ilmenite and apatite. Goondicum is currently on care and maintenance while Melior assesses plans for restarting the project. The Company Melior also has a 6% share holding in the Asian Mineral Resources Limited (AMR). AMR is the owner and operator of the Ban Phuc nickel project in Vietnam. Ban Phuc currently produces over 6,400 tonnes of nickel and 3,200 tonnes of copper per annum contained in concentrate plus a cobalt by-product. 	Melior Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	June 1, 1995
MKR	Melkior Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Companys focus is on acquiring and developing grassroots exploration projects in mining camps in Ontario and Quebec. The Compays Carscallen Gold Project hosts 7 gold zones, and has the potential for volcanic mafic sulfide (VMS) mineralization at depth. The Carscallen property covers 16.64 square-kilometers for a total of 104 claim units and is located 25 kilometers due west of the City of Timmins, Ontario. The Company holds a 100% interest in the property. The Companys other exploration projects include West Timmins and hold several other exploration properties of which the 100% owned Launay gold property in West Quebec. The Company also holds two important claim groups in the Beardmore Long-Lac gold camps. 	Melkior Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 31, 1986
OEE	Memex Inc is a Canada-based provider of Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) technology. The Companys flaghship product, the MERLIN IIoT communications platform, reveals hidden factories when customers replace subjective data collection with software. MERLIN connects industrial machines and delivers manufacturing productivity metrics, providing manufacturing analytics in real-time from the shop floor to the top floor. The Company has over 100 manufacturing customers, such as Mazak USA, Magellan Aerospace, Homemeyer Precision Manufacturing and Milwaukee Tool that use MERLIN IIoT software every day to increase productivity in their plants. The Company also has partnerships with such companies as Mazak USA, Cisco, Microsoft, Okuma and Mazak Optonics. 	Memex Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	October 29, 2013
MIR	MedMira Inc is a Canada-based developer, manufacturer and marketer of diagnostics. The Company develops, manufactures, licenses and market testing solutions. The Companys tests include HIV, which is suited for a range of testing environments from the point-of-care to the laboratory. Testing applications for Reveal HIV include public health programs, voluntary testing and counselling centers, pharmacies, physician offices, immigration screening, occupational exposures, and care clinics; Helicobacter pylori (HP), which detects HP antibodies in serum, plasma or whole blood produced in response to HP infection. Reveal Rapid Syphilis Antibody Test, which detects Treponema Pallidum (TP) antibodies in serum, plasma or whole blood. 	MedMira Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	65	July 26, 1999
MCU	Mega Copper Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties, principally located in British Columbia, Canada. The Company is a reporting company in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario. The Company has not generated revenues. 	Mega Copper Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 13, 2007
MNH	MENA Hydrocarbons Inc. is a Canada-based energy company. The company engaged in oil and gas exploration, development and acquisition of properties focused in the Middle East, Northern Africa and the Mediterranean. 	MENA Hydrocarbons Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 25, 2011
MML	Menika Mining Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. Its mineral properties are located in Canada in the Province of British Columbia. It owns Reliance property, which consists of approximately 977.7 hectares, located approximately 10 kilometers north of the Historic Bralorne Gold Mine and approximately five kilometers east of the town of Goldbridge, British Columbia. It added approximately five claims comprising over 20 units and approximately two cells called the Carter, Carter 2, Carp 1, Carp 2 and Carp 3 claims to its Reliance property located in the Lillooet mining district covering approximately 250.27 hectares. The Carp 1, Carp 2 and Carp 3 claims are located on the north side of the Reliance and extend the boundary by approximately 380 meters. It also holds interest in the Ava Property Claims. 	Menika Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
MXI	Merrex Gold Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties, and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation has been completed. Its primary assets are its 50% owned gold properties in West Mali, Africa (the Siribaya Gold Project) and its 100% owned zinc-lead properties in Nova Scotia, Canada (the Jubilee Project) and Irish zinc permits. The Siribaya Gold Project consists of 11 contiguous exploration permits covering 910 square kilometers. The Jubilee Property, which includes the Jubilee Deposit, is a 189-claim land position located in Inverness and Victoria counties of Central Cape Breton, Nova Scotia. 	Merrex Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 29, 1985
MSA	nul	Mesa Exploration Corp			--	
MTC	Metalcorp Limited is an exploration and development company with gold and base metal projects throughout Northwestern Ontario. The Company is in the early exploration-stage with respect to all of its properties. The Company's properties include Hemlo East (Gold) Property, which consists of two claim groups, including The Fearless and Python claim groups; Black Bear (Gold) Property, which consists of approximately 19 claims covering over 2,544 hectares situated approximately 20 kilometers northeast of the community of Red Lake; Big Lake Property, which consists of approximately 27 claims covering over 4,992 hectares located approximately 10 kilometers southwest of the Hemlo gold mines, Ontario; Greater North Rock Property, which includes three contiguous claim groups located approximately 25 kilometers east of Fort Frances and River Gold (Gold) & Moly (Molybdenum) Property, which is located approximately 65 kilometers south of the community of White River in North-western Ontario. 	MetalCorp Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	
MTX	Metalex Ventures Limited is an exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's areas of work are in the James Bay Lowlands area of Northern Ontario, where the Company has a 100% interest in certain mineral claims (Kyle Lake); an around 62.5% interest in a joint venture with White Pine Resources Inc, and in the Attawapiskat area of Northern Ontario, where the Company has an around 83.9% contributing interest in the Big Red Diamond Joint Venture and an around 82.5% contributing interest in the Dumont Joint Venture. In Quebec, the Company has an around 73.5% contributing interest in diamond exploration and an around 78.9% contributing interest in non-diamond commodity exploration on various mineral claims. The Company also holds an exploration license in Morocco. 	Metalex Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 29, 1988
MTS	Metallis Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration of copper, gold and base metal mineral properties in north-western British Columbia. The Company holds a 100% interest in 40 contiguous claims consist of the Kirkham Property, covering an area of 13,594 hectares. The Company also holds title to certain exploration permits in Canada's Northwest Territories. The Company's Kirkham Property covers 125 square kilometers within the Unuk River area of northwestern British Columbia. The Company's Mackenzie Mountains Iron Copper Project is consisted of a 100% interest in 35 mineral claims (of which 34 are contiguous) in the Northwest Territories of Canada, encompassing an area of 21,128 hectares. 	Metallis Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 19, 2007
MRV	Metallum Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the mining of precious and base metals. It properties are also in the exploration-stage. 	Metallum Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 13, 1932
MTO	Metanor Resources Inc., is a Canada-based mining and exploration company. The Companys activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties. The properties held by the Company are Bachelor Lake property, Wahnapitei, Hewfran, MJL-Hansen, Barry, Barry United, Barry Extension, MJL-2, Nelligan, Barry-Souart. 	Metanor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 10, 2003
MT	Mettrum Health Corp. (Mettrum), formerly Cinaport Acquisition Corp., is a Canada-based agri-pharmaceutical company. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Mettrum Ltd., is engaged in the research, development, production and distribution of cannabis products to the Canadian market. The Company also owns a 100% interest in Oilseed Works Inc. (OWI). OWI operates under the Hempola brand and is a Health Canada licensed producer and processor of cannabis-based products. Mettrum operates from two locations, its primary facility and head office in Bowmanville, Ontario, and its Agripharm Corp. (Mettrum Creemore) facility, located in Creemore, Ontario. The Mettrum Spectrum is a method to categorize medical cannabis according to tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) potency, as well as cannabidiol (CBD) levels. Mettrum's products include Mettrum Red N&#176; 1, Mettrum Red N&#176; 2, Mettrum Orange N&#176; 1, Mettrum Orange N&#176; 2, Mettrum Purple N&#176; 1, Mettrum Blue N&#176; 1 and Mettrum Yellow N&#176; 1. 	Mettrum Health Corp	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	March 29, 2011
MZI	Mezzi Holdings Inc., formerly CCT Capital Ltd., is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of producing, developing and marketing luxury luggage products. The Company is involved in the luxury accessories market where its principal product is luxury fashion accessories are marketed under the brand name Mezzi. The Companys product line for women include Handbags, Totes, Tablet case, Laptop tote bag, Duffel bag, and Wallet and other accessories, and for male consist of Tote, Accessory bag, Tablet case, Briefcases, Large Duffel and Wallet and other accessories. 	Mezzi Holdings Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	April 13, 2006
MEZ	nul	Mezzotin Minerals Inc			--	
MEK	nul	Metals Creek Resources Corp			--	
MGC	Midasco Capital Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged primarily in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Colombia. The Company's property is Bolivar. The Company has an option to purchase 100% interest in seven mineral licenses covering approximately 10,000 hectares in the southern portion of the State of Bolivar, Colombia. 	Midasco Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	May 16, 1991
MD	Midland Exploration Inc. (Midland) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's operations include the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. Its properties include Maritime-Cadillac, located in the Abitibi region in Quebec and composed of around seven claims; Laflamme property, covering an area of approximately 35,942 hectares, consists of 682 registered claims; Patris property, covering an area of approximately 9,154 hectares, consists of 221 claims; Casault property, covering an area of approximately 16,562 hectares, consists of 301 claims; Valmond, covering an area of approximately 6,179 hectares, consists of 111 claims, and Jouvex, covering an area of approximately 16,581 hectares, consists of 297 claims. 	Midland Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 2, 1995
MMA	Midnight Sun Mining Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral properties and joint venturing. The Company has entered into an Option Agreement with Kam Chuen Resource Holdings Ltd., to acquire a 60% interest in two mineral exploration permit licenses located near Solwezi, Zambia. The Solwezi Licenses covers an area of approximately 506 square kilometers and is located in the Zambian Copperbelt approximately 15 kilometers from the producing Kinsanshi copper/gold mine and about 450 kilometers northwest of the Zambian capital of Lusaka. The Company completed 739 meters of diamond drilling in 12 holes and conducted geochemical and geophysical programs at Solwezi project. 	Midnight Sun Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 11, 2007
MPT	Midpoint Holdings Ltd., formerly Javalina Resources Ltd., is a Web based enterprise that matches buyers and sellers of foreign currency and transfers the funds to their desired location through an intermediary third party payment provider. The Company receives fees from all parties for matching the currency exchanges and transferring the funds. The Company operates through its wholly owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom, Midpoint & Transfer Ltd. (MPNT). The Company operates principally in the United Kingdom with some corporate administration functions performed in Canada. 	Midpoint Holdings Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 15, 2010
MVM	MillenMin Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. It holds approximately 11 uranium claims (the Uranium Properties) totaling 18,983 hectares. The Uranium Properties are 100% owned by the Company and are situated within the eastern side of the Athabasca basin, Northern Saskatchewan, Canada. The Uranium Properties include Highrock Lake NE Property, which comprises two claims of 2,759 hectares along the southeastern margin of the Athabasca Basin; Smalley Lake W Property, which covers one claim of 1,648 hectares, approximately 80 kilometers southwest of Key Lake mine; Daly Lake North Property, which covers one claim of 3,812 hectares; Cochrane River Property, which consists of one claim of 1,664 hectares; Cunningham Lakes North Property, which covers one claim of 1,665 hectares, and Cushing Lake Property, which comprises five claims totaling 7,435 hectares. 	Millenmin Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 10, 2009
MRO	nul	Millrock Resources Inc			--	
MLM	Millstream Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's projects include Airport Property Project, Airport East Property Project, Potter Mine Tailings Metal Recovery Project, Tamarack Project Madison Country and Uncle Sam Gold Mine. The Company has projects in the province of Ontario, Canada and in the State of Montana, the United States. The Airport and Airport East Properties are located in the Falconbridge and Street Townships, Sudbury Mining District, Northern Ontario, Canada. The Potter Mine Property is a copper-zinc-cobalt stacked mineralized zones located in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt and in the Kidd-Munro Assemblage near the town of Matheson in north eastern Ontario. The Tamarack Gold Property is a gold/ silver producer situated in the Alder Gulch region of Montana. The Uncle Sam Gold Mine Property is a gold producer in the Tobacco Root Mountains, Madison County, Montana. 	Millstream Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 14, 1970
MCA	nul	Milner Consolidated Silver Mines Ltd			--	
MSP	Minaean SP Construction Corp, formerly Minaean International Corp., is a Canada-based company engaged in the steel construction industry. The Company develops and manufactures light gauge steel components for the construction industry and modular metal buildings for commercial, residential and institutional usage. The Company is active in Canada, India and internationally. The Company operates Minaean Habitat (India) Pvt. Ltd. And Minaean Building Structures Inc. as wholly owned subsidiaries. 	Minaean SP Construction Corp	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	November 5, 1998
MIX	Micrex Development Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The Company is in the process of exploring its mineral properties. The Company's properties include Burmis Magnetite Mine, Alberta, Big Horn Mine, British Columbia, Deadwood Mine, New Mexico and St. Charles de Bourget, Quebec. The Company holds a 100% interest in Gee Cee Mines Ltd. The Company has not generated revenue from operations. 	Micrex Development Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 16, 1987
MOI	Mincom Capital Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquisition and development of mineral properties in North America with the aim of discovering commercially exploitable precious and base metal deposits. The Company's Romer Polymetallic (PGE-Au-Cu-Ni) Property consists of a series of approximately 150 contiguous and over two isolated map-designated mining claims located in the Labrador Trough sector of Nunavik in Northern Quebec. The Romer Polymetallic (PGE-Au-Cu-Ni) Property is an early-stage exploration project and consists of over four polymetallic mineral occurrences, including St-Pierre Palladium and Bowen Lake Occurrences, Folding Lake (Fort-Chimo) Occurrence and St-Pierre (Venditelli) Gold Occurrence. 	Mincom Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 24, 2011
MGG	Minaurum Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral resource assets in Mexico. The Company's projects include The Guerrero Gold Belt (GGB), Vuelcos del Destino, Santa Marta, Adelita and Aurena. The Company's GGB is a mining area that spans over approximately 80 kilometers in the State of Guerrero, Mexico. The Company's Vuelcos del Destino is located on the southeastern portion of the 31 million ounce GGB, approximately 19 kilometers from Gold Corp's Los Filos mine. Its Santa Marta is a copper-gold project located in the southeastern part of Oaxaca State, Mexico. Its Adelita project connects the boundary between the states of Sonora and Sinaloa and lies approximately six kilometers east of Pan American Silver's Alamo Dorado mine. The Company's Aurena is located in the southern part of Oaxaca State with four mineral concessions covering approximately 1,035 hectares. 	Minaurum Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 13, 2007
MCE	nul	Minecorp Energy Ltd			--	
MIO	Mindoro Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties in the Philippines. The Company's projects include Agata project and Pan de Azucar prospect. The Agata nickel laterite project is a direct shipping ore (DSO) operation, held by Agata Mining Ventures Inc. (AMVI), a joint venture company between the Company and TVI Resource Development (Phils.) Inc. (TVIRD), in which TVIRD holds a 60% interest and is the operator. It directly holds a 15% interest in AMVI. The Agata DSO Project site is located in a 4,995 hectare mineral production sharing agreement area located in the adjacent municipalities of Tubay, Jabonga and Santiago in Augusan del Norte province. The Agata Nickel Processing Project is held by Agata Processing, Inc. (API), a company in which TVIRD has the right to earn a 60% interest from the Company. The Pan de Azucar MPSA covers approximately 535 hectares on Pan de Azucar Island and adjacent Panay Island. 	Mindoro Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 12, 1994
MAI	Minera Alamos Inc. (Minera Alamos), formerly Virgin Metals Inc., is a Canada-based junior mining exploration company. The Company is engaged directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in Mexico and the United States. It operates in two geographical segments, which include Canada and Mexico. Its focus is to explore and prepare for the development of its two primary properties containing copper and molybdenum. It holds a 100% interest in a mining property known as Los Verdes, a molybdenum-copper property located in the State of Sonora, Mexico. The Los Verdes property is made up of 13 mining concessions totaling 5,968 hectares. Included in the Los Verdes project is the Bacanora claim totaling 55 hectares. It also holds Potreritos Project consisting of 1,070 hectares and is situated to the north of and adjacent to the Los Verdes concessions. Its gold projects include El Cobre property and Alamos project. 	Minera Alamos Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 21, 2006
MHI	Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (MHI) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Quebec and the United States. The Company's main focus areas are lithium exploration in Quebec and gold exploration in Nevada County, California, United States. The Chubb Lithium Property is located in the Archean Abitibi Greenstone belt in the La Corne Township about 32 kilometers northwest of Val d'Or, Quebec. The International Property consists of two main lithium showings: Bouvier and International. It is located in the Saint-Mathieu municipality, Figuery Township. The Athona Property comprises 29 mineral claims covering around 1,283 hectares located in the Landrienne Township. The Canadian and McNeely property is located on the contact zone of the Lacorne batholiths, approximately 40 kilometers northwest of the mining town of Val d'Or. 	Mineral Hill Industries Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 26, 1987
MFX	Minfocus Exploration Corp. (Minfocus Exploration) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploring and developing base and precious metal mineral properties. The Company, through Minfocus International Ltd. (Minfocus International), holds an interest in the Nipigon Reefs Property. The Company's mineral properties include Nipigon Reefs Property, which is located 70 kilometers north of Thunder Bay, and comprises the claims referred to as the Springlet Lake Prospect and the Seagull North Prospect; Coral Zinc Project, which is a zinc project comprising approximately 4,950 hectares situated in northern British Columbia; Myst Metals Property, which is a nickel project comprising 689.13 hectares situated in northern British Columbia, and Chief Peter Property, which is an exploration project in the Thunder Bay Mining Division of Northwestern Ontario. Nipigon Reefs Property comprises 66 blocks of unpatented claims incorporating 934 claim units. 	Minfocus Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 6, 2010
MCI	Minnova Corp., formerly Auriga Gold Corp., is a Canada-based early-stage exploration company. The Company is focused on the re-start of gold production at its 100% owned Maverick Gold Project and acquisition of other advanced, development-stage projects. The Company owns PL Gold Mine (the PL Mine) and holds interests in the adjacent Nokomis property from Pioneer Metals ULC (Pioneer). The Nokomis property is located approximately eight kilometers northeast of the existing mine, near Flin Flon, Manitoba. Collectively, the PL Mine, Nokomis property and the staked claims are named the Maverick Gold Project (the MGP). The Maverick Gold Project is located 50 kilometers northeast of the town of Flin Flon, Manitoba and covers an area of approximately 6,640 hectares. The Maverick Gold Project features around 1,000 tons-per-day mill and concentrator; a deposit developed by around a 7,000 meter ramp to a depth of approximately 135 meters, and infrastructure related to the past-producing mine. 	Minnova Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 21, 2010
MSR	Minsud Resources Corp. is focused on the business of mineral and resource exploration, and development in Argentina through its indirect subsidiary Minera Sud Argentina S.A. The Company's principal exploration project is the Chita Valley project consisting of three core contiguous properties, such as Chita, Brechas Vacas and Minas de Pinto mineral concessions (8,350 hecaters), and four additional claims adjacent to such properties, in total the it controls an area of approximately 17,400 hectares. The Chita Valley Project is located within the eastern part of tectono-metamorphic unit. It also owns 100% of the mining rights at the La Rosita (9,970 hectares) gold and silver prospect at the Deseado Massif-Santa Cruz Province, Republica Argentina and also holds a 100% owned portfolio of early-stage prospects, which includes approximately 50,000 hectares distributed within the Provinces of Santa Cruz (18,000 hectares), Chubut (23,000 hectares) and Rio Negro (9,000 hectares) in Argentina. 	Minsud Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 11, 2007
MMV	Mineral Mountain Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal projects in North America. The Company's projects include Holy Terror Project and The Rochford Gold Project. The Company's Holy Terror Project is located along the Homestake Gold Trend in the Keystone Mining District, Pennington County, South Dakota, the United States. The Company's Rochford Gold Project is situated approximately 20 kilometers southeast of the Homestake Deposit and around 30 kilometers northwest of the Company's Holy Terror Project in the Keystone Mining District. The Company has not generated operating revenue. 	Mineral Mountain Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 1, 2006
MIA.P	Mira IX Acquisition Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has no assets and did not commence commercial operations. 	Mira IX Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 17, 2015
MOM	Miraculins Inc. (Miraculins) is a Canada-based medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing non-invasive diagnostic tests and risk assessment technologies. The Company's lead technology program is in the early commercialization phase in the area of diabetes risk assessment. The diabetes program is focused on the Scout DS Non Invasive Diabetes Screening Test, a non-invasive diabetes screening system designed to provide a method for diabetes screening based on diabetes related biomarkers present in the skin. Miraculins' other technology related to cardiovascular disease is focused on the PreVu Non Invasive Skin Cholesterol Point of Care (POC) Test, a non-invasive tool to assist with the risk assessment of coronary artery disease (CAD). The PreVu technology also has a lab processed format called the PreVu Non Invasive Skin Cholesterol Lab Processed (LP) Test. Miraculins' preeclampsia technology is based on a range of protein biomarkers. 	Miraculins Inc	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	September 25, 2002
MAD	Miranda Gold Corp. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. It has interests in various mineral properties located in Alaska and Colombia. The Company operates within two geographic segments: Nevada and Alaska projects in the United States, and projects in Colombia. Its Pavo Real project covers approximately 18,000 hectares and is located in the Tolima Department of Colombia. Its Cerro Oro project covers approximately 1,600 square hectares and lies within the department of Caldas. The Company's Oribella project consists of approximately 10,700 hectares, including approximately one exploration license and approximately one application. The Company's Willow Creek is located approximately 75 miles north of Anchorage, Alaska. The contiguous project claim block includes approximately 80 patented and over 60 State of Alaska lode mining claims covering an area of approximately 8,700 acres. 	Miranda Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	12	May 4, 1993
MVA.P	Mira VII Acquisition Corp is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is focused on the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. 	Mira VII Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 26, 2015
MNP	MNP Petroleum Corporation is engaged in the business of exploring for and producing oil and gas, primarily in Central and East Asia. The Company is focused on projects located in Asia and operates exploration projects in Mongolia and Tajikistan. In addition the Company also holds interest in a producing oilfield in Tajikistan. The Company's subsidiaries include DWM Petroleum AG, DWM Energy AG, Manas Management Services Ltd, CJSC Somon Oil Company, Gobi Energy Partners GmbH, Gobi Energy Partners LLC and CJSC South Petroleum Company. DWM Petroleum AG owns 74% of Gobi Energy Partners GmbH, which owns record title to exploration licenses for Blocks XIII (Tsagaan Els) and XIV (Zuunbayan). Through its wholly owned subsidiary, DWM Petroleum AG, the Company owns 90% of the issued and outstanding shares of CJSC Somon Oil Company (Somon Oil). The remaining 10% is owned by Anavak LLC. 	MNP Petroleum Corp			30	July 9, 1998
MRS	Mission Ready Services Inc. is a Canada-based technology company. The Company operates in the global defense, security, and first responder markets, including consulting and manufacturer representation; inspection, cleaning, and repair services of protective services gear, and product research and development. The Company has two business segments, which include research & development and manufacturer representation, and inspection, cleaning, and repair services of protective services gear. The assets and operations of the Company are located in Canada and the United States. The Company's subsidiaries include Mission Ready Holdings Ltd., CES Ensemble Services Inc., 10-20 Services Inc., Protect The Force Inc. and No Contact, LLC. 	Mission Ready Services Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	June 1, 2009
MI	Mitchell Resources Ltd. (Mitchell), formerly Kola Mining Corp., is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the sourcing, exploration and development of unproven mineral interests in Russia. The Company does not have any mineral property interest. 	Mitchell Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	December 10, 1999
MTE	Mitra Energy Inc., formerly Petra Petroleum Inc., is an oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and development of oil and gas resources in Southeast Asia with a portfolio of exploration assets and discoveries across the Philippines, Vietnam and Indonesia. The Company has discovered resources in three gas fields in Vietnam and two gas fields in the Philippines, along with a portfolio of exploration assets. The Company has a portfolio of over 55,000 square kilometers of exploration and pre-development acreage across the Philippines, Vietnam and Indonesia. The Company has interests in a service contract (SC), which is in the Block SC 56, Philippines; five production sharing contracts (PSCs) in Vietnam, which include Block 51, Block 46/07, Block 45, Block 127 and Block MVHN/12KS, and five PSCs in Indonesia, including NE Natuna, Bone, Sibaru, North Madura and Titan blocks.The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Mitra Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 25, 1988
MKA	Mkango Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based rare earth element and associated minerals exploration and development company. The Company has two properties in the Republic of Malawi, Africa, including the Phalombe exploration license (Phalombe License) and the Thambani exploration license (Thambani License). The Company's Songwe Hill Rare Earth Element (REE) Project lies within the 100% owned Phalombe License, which covers a portion of the Chilwa Alkaline Province in Southern Malawi. The Thambani license covers an area of approximately 468 square kilometers located in Thambani, Mwanza District. The Thambani license is primarily focused on anomalous uranium and associated niobium-tantalum targets across the Thambani Massif. 	Mkango Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 13, 2007
MRZ	Mirasol Resources Ltd. (Mirasol) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties, principally located in Chile and Argentina. The Company owns 100% interest in the Claudia property, Espejo, La Libanesa, and La Curva properties, Sascha and Joaquin properties, Santa Rita property, Nico property, Pajaro, Los Loros and Veloz Properties, Gorbea project and Rubi property. The Rubi property in northern Chile, covering over 13,000 hectares, is located in the Paleocene - Oligocene metallogenic belt. The Virginia Santa Rita property comprises manifestaciones de descubrimiento and exploration cateos located in the northwestern sector of the Deseado Massif volcanic terrain of southern Argentina. The La Curva property consists of four exploration cateos totaling 36,721 hectares, located in the eastern Deseado Massif. 	Mirasol Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 15, 2003
MBO	Mobio Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in social media applications. The Company is the parent company of Strutta and Twenty Year Media Corp. (Twenty Year Media). Strutta is a social promotions platform that helps marketers bring customers from stranger to fan to customer, and Strutta's Promotions application program interface (API) provides a technology platform that facilitates social media competitions and campaigns for brands across the world. Twenty Year Media is a media and technology company developing technologies for the entertainment and motion picture sector. Twenty Year Media is a provider of media content distribution services. It owns and operates Emerging Pictures, an all-digital film and alternative content distribution network. Using data and social media analysis together with digital delivery to theaters, Emerging Pictures enables content owners and exhibitors to manage their distribution strategies and programming decisions. 	Mobio Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	0	December 6, 2012
MQR	Monarques Gold Corporation, formerly Monarques Resources Inc., is a Canada-based gold exploration company. The Company is engaged in the development of gold projects along the Cadillac Break, in the Val-d'Or area of Quebec. Its properties include Croinor Gold, Simkar Gold, Regcourt Gold and Belcourt Gold. Its Croinor gold property consists of two non-contiguous blocks of 297 claims and one mining lease covering an area of approximately 127 square kilometers. Its Simkar Gold Property is located approximately 20 kilometers east of Val-d'Or and covers an area of about 5 square kilometers and comprises two mining concessions and 21 mineral claims. Its Belcourt Gold property consists of five claims covering two square kilometers, and is located approximately 40 kilometers northeast of Val-d'Or, in Courville Township. Its Regcourt Gold Property consists of 258 claims that covers an area of approximately 65 square kilometers and is located at the eastern end of the Val-d'Or gold mining camp. 	Monarques Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 16, 2011
MQR.WT.A	nul	Monarques Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
MAN	Monster Mining Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company owns the Keno Lightening Project located in the historical Keno Hill Silver District in the Yukon. It also holds the McKay Hill Project located adjacent to ATAC Resources Rackla Gold Project. The Keno-Lightning property is located approximately 55 kilometers northwest of Mayo in central Yukon. The project comprises 329 two-post quartz claims covering approximately 6650 hectares in the Keno Hill silver district. Keno-Lightning is adjacent to Alexco Resource Corp.'s Bellekeno mine, and hosts eight identified metal Minfile occurrences. The McKay Hill Ag-Pb-Zn-Au-Cu project is located on the south slopes of McKay and Horseshoe Hills within the Ogilvie Mountains in central Yukon. The property is located approximately 100 kilometers by air north of Mayo in central Yukon. The project covers approximately 415 hectares and comprises 144 unsurveyed Yukon Quartz claim. 	Monster Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 3, 2007
MNY	Montan Capital Corp., formerly Strait Minerals Inc., is engaged in four early-stage exploration projects in Peru. The Company's 100%-owned Alicia property hosts a porphyry-style copper-gold deposit in addition to skarns and polymetallic veins. The Company's Alicia copper-gold property is located in the Region of Cusco, approximately 500 kilometers southeast of Lima. The Company owns a 100% interest in this property. The Company has an option to acquire the Caribe copper-molybdenum property in the Region of Apurimac approximately 80 kilometers west of Alicia and within the same copper belt. The Company also owns 100% of the Culebrilla and the adjoining Letra Rumi South properties in the Department of Ancash, approximately 250 kilometers north of Lima. 	Montan Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 7, 2003
MTZ	Montana Exploration Corp. is an oil and gas company engaged in the business of, exploration for, and development, production and marketing of, petroleum and natural gas in western Canada and Montana. The Company has identified 13 Shaunavon exploration prospects on a seismic data set and has sought an option of additional lands with both Shaunavon oil and Eagle gas potential. The Company holds approximately 90,000 net acres of largely contiguous lands in the Blaine County area of Montana that are on the Shaunavon trend. It has farmed out Jurassic/Shaunavon and Bakken prospects on its lands on the basis that the industry partner would pay 80% of the costs of any new well to earn a 50% interest in that well and the same interest in adjoining sections (nine sections in the case of a Devonian test and six sections in respect of a Jurassic test). The Company's subsidiaries include ANG Holding Corp and Alberta Selecta Corporation. 	Montana Exploration Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	8	November 12, 1997
MON	Montero Mining and Exploration Ltd is engaged in the identification, evaluation, acquisition, evaluation, exploration and development of quality mineral properties in Africa. The primary focus is rare earth elements (REE) and phosphates in Tanzania and South Africa, respectively. The Company's primary asset is its 60% interest in the Wigu Hill Property in Tanzania. It also holds interests in two other licenses in Tanzania, two properties in Quebec and a phosphate exploration property in South Africa. The Wigu Hill REE Project is a light rare earth element deposit and a carbonite complex with bastnaesite mineralization. The license area covers 142 square kilometers. The Company's Phosco project covers four phosphate exploration projects in South Africa, namely Duyker Eiland, Phillips Kraal, and Lamberts Bay in the Western Cape; and Bierkraal in the Northwest Province. 	Montero Mining & Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 5, 2006
MMY	Monument Mining Limited is a Canada-based gold production and mining asset development company. The Company owns and operates Selinsing Gold Mine, and has a gold portfolio of the Selinsing, Buffalo Reef and Famehub projects in Pahang State within the Central Gold Belt of Western Malaysia, and the Murchison and Tuckanarra Gold Projects in Western Australia. It also owns Mengapur Polymetallic Project in Pahang State, Malaysia. Its primary business activities include advancing its mineral projects from exploration stage to production stage and carrying out mining and processing operations. The Selinsing Gold Mine Project is located at Bukit Selinsing Koyan, approximately 65 kilometers north of Raub and 30 kilometers west of Kuala Lipis on the lineament known as the Raub Bentong Suture. The Famehub properties are located in the Pahang State of Malaysia approximately 45 kilometers northwest of the town of Kuala Lipis and two kilometers north of the Selinsing Gold mine. 	Monument Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 12, 2002
MOO	Mooncor Oil & Gas Corp. (Mooncor) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. As a mineral exploration company, its principal assets are oil and natural gas interests, which are not in commercial production. The Company is also in the process of exploring other opportunities. The Company owns oil and gas leases in the Pondera and Teton Counties in Northwestern Montana. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Mooncor Energy Inc., DRGN Energy Inc., Primary Petroleum Company U.S. Inc., Primary Petroleum Company LLC, USA Corporation and AP Petroleum Company. 	Mooncor Oil & Gas Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 18, 1999
YAK	Mongolia Growth Group Ltd. is a real estate investment and development company. The Company owns commercial investment property assets in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. It operates in two segments: Investment Property Operations and Corporate. The Investment Property operations consist of commercial and residential investment property in Mongolia held for the purposes of rental revenue, capital appreciation or redevelopment. These properties are managed by Big Sky Capital LLC and its subsidiaries. The Company operates in two business units: Big Sky Capital LLC and its subsidiaries, which own investment properties that are located in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia and are held for the purpose of generating rental revenue, capital appreciation and/or redevelopment, and The MGG Corporate office, which is located in Toronto, Canada and administers the financial resources, investment portfolio and corporate reporting and legal functions of the Company. Mongolia Barbados Corp is its wholly owned subsidiary. 	Mongolia Growth Group Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	February 2, 2011
MOR	Morgan Resources Corp., formerly Gideon Capital Corp., is a Canada-based junior mining exploration and development company. The primary business objective of the Company is to explore for volcanic-hosted massive sulfides. The Company operates in acquisition, exploration and development of properties for mining of precious and base metals segment. It is focused on volcanic-hosted sulfides properties in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada. 	Morgan Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 15, 2011
MOX	Morien Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the business of identification, purchase, exploration and development of mineral interests. Its projects include Donkin Coal Project, Black Point aggregate project (BP Project) and Banks Island Gold Ltd. Royalty. Its Donkin Coal Project is located in Nova Scotia, Canada and covers an area of approximately 100 square kilometers. Its Black Point aggregate project is located in Nova Scotia, Canada and covers an area of around 354 hectare. Its Banks Island Gold Ltd. Royalty includes the Yellow Giant Gold Project, which is located in British Columbia, Canada. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary, Advanced Primary Minerals USA Corp., which holds the Company's kaolin interests. 	Morien Resources Corp	Energy	Coal	6	November 9, 2012
MRB	Morro Bay Resources Ltd., formerly Morro Bay Capital Ltd., is a Canada-based junior mining company. The Company operates in two geographic segments, which include Canada and Mexico. The Company is focused on gold-silver exploration with an option on mineral interests, the Penoles Project. The Penoles Project is located in the Durango Silver Belt in North-Central Mexico. The Penoles Property consists of three parts, which includes the staked concessions that consist of Capitan-1 Concession and Purisima 1 Concession, the Guerrero Option and the Altiplano Option in the north central part of Durango State, Mexico. The operations of the Company in Mexico are carried out through its wholly owned Mexican subsidiary, MB Resources C.V. 	Morro Bay Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 21, 2012
MOC	Morumbi Resources Inc is a mineral exploration company. The Company has mineral exploration operations in the Popondetta Area of the Owen Stanley Range, Papua New Guinea (PNG) and Boungainville Island. The minerals ores that the company mines include gold, silver, copper, arsenic and tellurium. The Companys other projects include Cattle Ranching, Rice Cropping and Poultry Raising. 	Morumbi Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 1, 2006
M	Mosaic Capital Corporation (Mosaic) is a Canada-based investment company that owns a portfolio of businesses. The Company operates through two segments: Industrial and Real Estate. The Company's Real Estate segment consists of a portfolio of commercial and industrial real estate assets in Fort McMurray, Alberta and Regina, Estevan and Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The Company's Industrial segment consists of the business operations conducted through the Company's subsidiaries Printing Unlimited L.P. (Printing Unlimited), Allied Cathodic Services L.P. (Allied Cathodic), Polar Geomatic Solutions L.P. (Polar), Remote Waste L.P. (Remote Waste), Ambassador Mechanical Corp. (Ambassador), Kendall's Supply Ltd. (Kendall's Supply), Industrial Scaffold Services L.P. (Industrial Scaffold), Streamline Mechanical L.P. & Streamline Projects L.P. (Streamline), Place-Crete Systems L.P. (Place-Crete) and South East Construction L.P. (SECON). 	Mosaic Capital Corp	Industrials	Industrial Conglomerates	--	February 11, 2011
M.PR.A	nul	Mosaic Capital Corp	Industrials	Industrial Conglomerates	--	
MSD	Moseda Technologies, Inc., formerly Golden Virtue Resources Inc., is a Canada-based company engaged in the development and operation of mobile device management (MDM) software systems that allows the management to tracking of assets using mobile devices. The Company's solutions include SmartCare, which provides mobile technology to healthcare, and SmartFleet, which provides solutions to track and manage their vehicles and employees securely in real-time through a computer, smartphone or tablet. It also offers security applications to protect all data and devices related to patient health information. 	Moseda Technologies Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 1, 2005
MMO	nul	Mount Dakota Energy Corp			--	
MTB	Mountain Boy Minerals Ltd. (Mountain Boy) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of a portfolio of mineral properties in Canada. Its properties include Silver Coin Property, Barbara Property (BA), Red Cliff Property, Dunwell Property, Mountain Boy and FR Properties, Blackwater Property, Dave property, Stro property, the Booze property and the George Copper property. The Silver Coin project is located in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia. It holds a 100% interest in BA Property located in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia. It owns a 100% interest in Red Cliff property located approximately 20 kilometers north of Stewart, British Columbia in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia. It holds a 100% interest in the Dunwell property located in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Mountain Boy and FR properties located in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia. 	Mountain Boy Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 26, 1999
MCG	Mountain China Resorts (Holding) Limited is a Canada-based investment holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the development and operation of mountain resorts and provision of hotel services in the People's Republic of China (the PRC). The Company operates through the segments: Ski Resort, Real Estate and Other. The Company, through its operating subsidiaries, including the Yabuli Resort is in the process of developing existing ski areas in China into resort destinations with new lifts, snowmaking and trails, hotels, conference and skier services, dining, shopping, spa and entertainment. The Company owns and operates existing destination ski resorts in the PRC, Sun Mountain Yabuli Resort (including Yabuli Resort and Zhiye) in Heilongjiang Province. The Sun Mountain Yabuli Resort has two luxury five star hotels, restaurants, spa, retail and conference facilities together with on mountain facilities with new trails, lifts and snowmaking. 	Mountain China Resorts Holding Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	--	February 6, 2008
MVW	nul	Mountainview Energy Ltd			--	
MOV.P	Movarie Capital Ltd. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of a qualifying transaction. Under the qualifying transaction, the Company intends to acquire all of the assets of Paradigm Environmental Technologies Inc. (Paradigm). The Paradigm Assets consist of all the equipment used in field trials at a British Columbia pulp and paper mill, equipment purchased for an order from Metro Vancouver, rights to various contracts and various patents and patent applications. 	Movarie Capital Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 23, 2010
MPS	MPH Ventures Corp. is a Canada-based company. It operates three main projects, which are Raney Township Gold Property in Timmins; Pidgeon Molybdenum Deposit Project and Travelucion. The Raney Township Gold Property is located in the central portion of Raney Township, within the Swayze Greenstone Belt and which contain disseminated pyrite, chalcopyrite and gold. The Pidgeon Molybdenum Deposit, located in Kenora mining district in Ontario contains Molybdenum, which is used as an alloying agent in steel to enhance strength and resistance to wear and corrosion, also in lubricants developed for high-temperature and high-pressure applications. The Travelucion Project comes from a MPH Ventures Corp's 20% investment in Travelucion S.L., which is an online travel digital media company servicing tourists and visitors to Cuba. It owns one of the biggest portfolios of Cuba-focused Web properties and domains that promote Cuba and offer online travel services. 	MPH Ventures Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 30, 1980
MV	Movit Media Corp, formerly Digital Shelf Space Corp, is a Canada-based company. The Company offers MOVIT media mobile suite. The Company's MOVIT application is a solution for managing international roaming charges for travelers, who use their mobile devices outside of their regular coverage area. The Company's technology allows users to use their mobile phone number around the world, while incurring local calling rates through a local subscriber identity module (SIM) card. 	Movit Media Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	--	December 11, 2009
MTV	Multivision Communications Corp. is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in evaluating business opportunities in a range of sectors to determine the focus of its future business. 	Multivision Communications Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 14, 1987
MUN	Mundoro Capital Inc. is a Canada-based exploration, development and investment company in the mineral resource sector. The Company's exploration activity is focused on the Tethyan Belt of Serbia and Bulgaria in Southeastern Europe, and in Mexico. The Company has the following geographic segments: the Mexico exploration program, the Serbian and Bulgarian exploration programs, and corporate administrative functions in Canada. The Company's principal wholly owned subsidiaries are Stara Planina Resources d.o.o., which is located in Serbia and holds eight exploration licenses; Bulgaria Alpha EAD, which holds three exploration licenses in Bulgaria, and Mundoro de Mexico S.A. de C.V., which holds ten mineral concessions located in the Mesa Central belt of Mexico. 	Mundoro Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	6	March 6, 2008
MGS	Musgrove Minerals Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in the United States and Mexico. The Company has interests in various mineral properties in the United States, including Musgrove Creek Gold Property and Empire Mine Property. The Musgrove Creek Gold Property is an advanced gold exploration project covering nearly 1,500 acres in Lemhi County, Idaho, approximately 15 miles (24 kilometers) southwest of the Beartrack gold deposit. The Empire Mine Property, which consists of 26 patented mining claims, six mill-site claims and 21 unpatented mining claims, is a polymetallic skarn deposit containing copper, zinc, gold and silver. The Empire mine project is located in the Alder Creek mining district in Custer County, Idaho, approximately three miles west of Mackay, Idaho. 	Musgrove Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 29, 2000
MUM	Mustang Minerals Corp. is focused on exploration and development for nickel, copper and platinum group metals. The principal business of the Company is to explore and develop its properties and in particular its Mayville Makwa (Nickel-Copper-PGM) Project in Manitoba. It has two open pit deposits, which comprise the Mayville Makwa nickel copper cobalt palladium project. Its other projects include Mayville Property and Tanco. The Company controls the mineral rights to unpatented mining claims in Ontario referred to as the East Bull Lake Property, the River Valley Property and the Bannockburn Nickel Project. The Company's Makwa property covers prospective terrain in the Bird River Greenstone Belt approximately 150 kilometers northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba. Its Mayville Property consists of unpatented mining claims located approximately 35 kilometers north of the Makwa Deposit. It owns a 100% interest in the base and precious metal rights of a property located in southeast Manitoba. 	Mustang Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 15, 1997
NNO	Nano One Materials Corp., formerly Dundarave Resources Inc., is focused on developing processing technology for the production of high performance nano-structured composite materials. The Company's primary market is the cathode materials supply chain for lithium ion batteries that are used in consumer electronics, electric vehicles and industrial storage. It has six patents pending in the United States, five worldwide (PCT) and one in Taiwan. 	Nano One Materials Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	November 5, 1987
NTS	Nanotech Security Corp. (Nanotech) is a Canada-based global security features company . The Company is engaged in providing light-based recognition nanotechnology and Optical Thin Film (OTF) for use in anti-counterfeiting and authentication processes and products including currency, legal documents, and commercial products. The Company operates through two segments: Security Features (Nanotech and its subsidiary, Fortress Optical Features Ltd.'s operations) and Surveillance (Tactical Technology Inc.). Its Security Features segment provides light-based recognition nanotechnology and OTF for use in anti-counterfeiting and authentication processes and products, including currency, legal documents and commercial products. The Company's Surveillance segment designs and markets a range of surveillance and intelligence-gathering equipment for the law enforcement and defense industries in the United States and Canada. 	Nanotech Security Corp	Technology	Communications Equipment	35	May 4, 1984
NAP	Napier Ventures Inc. (Napier) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral property interests in the United States. The Company has interests in the Calico Peak Property, which is located approximately 52 kilometers (32 miles) north-northwest of Durango, Colorado at Calico Peak along the west portion of the Rico Mountain range in the Rico Mining District. Its Calico Peak property consists of approximately 40 mining claims named DR 1-40 covering the height of land at Calico Peak and oil and gas rights. Each of its claims is around 1,500 feet by 600 feet (20.66 acres) or 8.36 hectares. Napier International LLC (NI) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	Napier Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 6, 2007
NKW	NaiKun Wind Energy Group Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage renewable energy company. The Company is engaged in developing an offshore wind energy project. The Company is developing a 400 megawatt offshore wind project in the Haida Energy Field, which is located in Hecate Strait off the north coast of British Columbia. The Company's subsidiaries include NaiKun Wind Development Inc. (Devco), NaiKun Wind Operating Inc. (Opco) and NaiKun Wind Generating Inc. (Genco). The Company holds an investigative license (IUP), which allows it to develop wind energy projects in a 550 square kilometer area off the north east coast of Haida Gwaii in British Columbia's Hecate Strait. The IUP also includes two transmission corridors that would connect the NaiKun Wind Project to Haida Gwaii and the mainland power grid, and includes the license of occupancy for the Company's Met Mast. The proposed site for the Phase-I Project has a permit area of approximately 100 square kilometers. 	Naikun Wind Energy Group Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	December 31, 1957
NRL	Natan Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company operates through two geographic segments, which include Canada and the United States. The Company's principal business is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in Arizona, the United States. The Company owns interest in Bethlehem Iron Ore Property. The Company's Bethlehem Iron Ore Property is located in Gila County, Arizona. The Company's subsidiary includes Bethlehem Iron Ore Corp, which has a land position within the historic Gentry hematite-iron district, which is located approximately 80 miles northeast of Phoenix, Arizona. 	Natan Resources Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 18, 2010
NXT	Natcore Technology Inc. is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in commercializing technology, which enables the controlled deposition of silicon dioxide and mixed silicon oxides from an aqueous solution at ambient temperatures and pressures. It develops and owns technology for the manufacturing of solar cells. The Company's principal activity is research. It seeks to be engaged in the growth of thin and thick films of dielectric and semiconductor materials using non-vacuum, room temperature processes. Its laser processing program is focused on a certain style of solar cell known as the silicon heterojunction (SHJ) solar cell, referred to as a HIT cell. 	Natcore Technology Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	--	August 9, 2007
NVY	Navy Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of resource properties. The Company has not generated any revenue till date. 	Navy Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	May 5, 2011
NBU	Nebu Resources Inc. (Nebu) is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of gold deposits in the Province of Ontario, Canada. The Company has signed an option agreement pursuant to which the Company has the right to earn a 100% interest in the Cork Lake Property located in north-eastern Ontario. The Cork Lake Property covers 12,360 acres (309 mineral claim units, 5000 hectares) in Sothman, Semple and Nursey townships in north-eastern Ontario. The Cork Lake Property is located approximately 75 kilometers south of Timmins, Ontario and covers an area with felsic intrusives, ultramafics rocks, major structures, quartz veining, carbonate alteration and known gold mineralization. 	Nebu Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 17, 2006
NSP	Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the natural food industry. The Company is engaged in distributing hemp-based food items that are both conventional and organic, including whole grains and protein powders, in North America. The Company provides food supplements packaged for distribution through grocery stores, health and nutrition stores, and other outlets where consumers purchase health related products. Its products include premium shelled hemp seeds, premium hemp protein powder and flavored protein powders, and hemp seed snack packs. The Company distributes the products under the NATERA brand. The Company also offers hemp-based pet care line under the Pawsitive FX brand. The Pawsitive FX product line consists of formulations for topical applications, as well as formulated shampoo products, including Happy Paws, Strong Paws, Happy Snouts and Happy Coats. 	Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	December 21, 2010
COO	NatureBank Asset Management Inc is a Canada-based carbon management and carbon project development company. The Company engaged in the sale of carbon offset credits for commercial purposes in the voluntary offset market primarily through the development and supply of forestry and clean tech based carbon offsets. The Company works with clients from around the world to manage greenhouse gas emissions, develop carbon offset projects for the voluntary and compliance markets and provide technical advisory services in carbon management, advanced life cycle analysis and emissions, water, waste and energy management for a range of clients in industries, including clothing, papermaking, transportation and logistics, food and beverage, loyalty rewards and construction. It offers emissions reduction products (offsets) and advisory services through three subsidiaries, ERA Ecosystem Restoration Associates Inc, Era Ecosystem Services U.S. Inc, and Offsetters Clean Technology, Inc. 	NatureBank Asset Management Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	July 6, 2005
NET	Network Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and evaluation of minerals in its mineral properties in South America. Its activities include the process of exploring its mineral properties, reviewing and subsequently acquiring new mineral properties and conducting exploration programs to determine whether these properties contain ore reserves that are economically recoverable. The Company's mineral properties are located in Peru. The Company's Pistala property covers 1,600 hectares in Southern Peru. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include NETEXP SAC and Netpicha SAC. The Company is in the exploration and development stage and does not generate any revenue. 	Network Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 2, 1983
NCE	Nesscap Energy Inc. is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing products (ultracapacitors) that store energy for power delivery systems which are used in transportation, industrial power, renewable energy and other consumer industries. The Company's products range from single-cell ultracapacitor products to multi-cell modules. Its products are available in both cells and modules and are used in applications ranging from portable electronic devices to windmills and green cars. The Company features an array of products in the market from 3 farads to 6,200 farads with alternative organic electrolytes. The Company's customers include heavy-hybrid transportation, renewable energy, industrial and consumer, automotive and voltage stabilization sectors. The Company's subsidiaries include Nesscap, Inc., Nesscap Co., Ltd, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling ultracapacitors and Nesscap Energy GmbH, which is engaged in marketing and promotion of selling ultracapacitors. 	Nesscap Energy Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	77	August 2, 2007
NTE	Network Media Group Inc. (Network), formerly Andele Capital Corporation, is a Canada-based television and film production company. The Company is engaged in the development, financing, production, marketing and distribution of television series and specials, theatrical documentaries, online programming and various other forms of filmed entertainment. Network produces factual/non-scripted television series, documentaries, biographies, docudramas, theatrical documentary films, original content and entertainment Internet protocols, specialty sports and entertainment productions. The Company focuses on developing and producing productions for the American and international markets. Its business model is based on commercializing television, film and online productions through licensing, rights management, sponsorship and development of integrated ancillary productions, which generates revenues through multi-channel distribution and marketing initiatives. 	Network Media Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	--	July 12, 2010
NU	nul	NeutriSci International Inc			--	
NVM	Nevada Clean Magnesium Inc. is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's properties include Windpass and Sweethome Properties; Crowrea/Empress Property; TamiMosi Property and BCS Davis property. Its Windpass and Sweethome Properties are 100% owned and located 50 kilometers northeast of Barriere, British Columbia. The properties consist of seven contiguous mineral leases totaling 389.34 hectares. Its Crowrea Empress property is located near Summerland, British Columbia. The property consists of approximately 24 claims totaling over 9,720 hectares. It owns 100% interest in the unpatented mining claims located in the Schell Creek Range, approximately 6.5 miles south-east of the town of Ely. The property consists of over 81 unpatented mining and four quartz unpatented claims. The Company owns 100% interest in BCS Davis property located in Nye County, Nevada, consists of over 61 unpatented lode mining claims totaling approximately 510 hectares. 	Nevada Clean Magnesium Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 24, 1966
NGE	Nevada Exploration Inc. (NGE) is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in gold exploration in Nevada, the United States. The Company's mineral exploration properties include Grass Valley (GV), South Grass Valley (SGV), Kelly Creek (KC), Hot Pot (HP), Awakening (AW) and Fletcher Junction (FJ). The Company owns around 452 claims in the GV project, which is located around 90 kilometers southwest of Carlin in Lander County, Nevada. The SGV project is located in Lander County, north-central Nevada. The KC project is located in Humboldt County, Nevada, around 40 kilometers north-northwest of Battle Mountain, Nevada. The HP project is located in Humboldt County, Nevada, around 30 kilometers northwest of Battle Mountain, Nevada. The Company owns around 72 claims in AW project, which is located in Humboldt County, Nevada. The FJ project is located in Mineral County, Nevada, which is around 30 kilometers southwest of Hawthorne, Nevada. 	Nevada Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	3	July 14, 2010
BFF	Nevada Energy Metals Inc, formerly Southern Sun Minerals Inc, is a capital pool company. The principal business of the Company will be the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had no revenue. Effective October 24, 2013, Southern Sun Minerals Inc acquired the entire share capital of Rock Star Resources Ltd. 	Nevada Energy Metals Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 2, 2011
NEV	Nevada Sunrise Gold Corporation (Nevada Sunrise) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in Nevada, United States of America. Its properties include the Kinsley Mountain property, the Golden Arrow project and the Roulette property. It holds a 20.94% participating interest in Kinsley Gold LLC at the Kinsley Mountain property, which is located in Nevada and consists of approximately 475 claims covering approximately 9,575 acres. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Golden Arrow property which covers an area of 5,684 acres and is located in the Nye County near Tonopah, Nevada. The Golden Arrow property consists of 357 mineral claims and 17 lode mineral claims owned by Intor Resources Corporation, a subsidiary of Nevada Sunrise. Nevada Sunrise holds a 100% interest in the Roulette property which consists of 120 claims located approximately 45 kilometers north of Ely, Nevada. 	Nevada Sunrise Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	April 3, 2007
NZN	Nevada Zinc Corporation is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on defining a zinc resource at its 100% owned Lone Mountain project located near Eureka, Nevada. Its Lone Mountain claims completely surround a past-producing zinc property. The Company also holds interests in mineral claims in Yukon. 	Nevada Zinc Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 29, 2010
NMX	Nemaska Lithium Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the exploration and development of hard rock lithium mining properties and related processing of spodumene into lithium compounds. The Company owns two mining properties, which include Whabouchi and Sirmac in the Eeyou Istchee/James Bay territory in the province of Quebec. The Whabouchi Property is composed of one block totaling 33 claims covering an area of approximately 1,761.9 hectares, which has lithium found in the spodumene. The amount of spodumene found in the Whabouchi deposit is on average 20% by volume. Petalite, which is a lithium mineral, represents an average of less than 2% of the deposit. The Sirmac Property is composed of 15 claims covering a total area of 645 hectares, which has mineralization of granitic, rare element-bearing pegmatite due to the presence of spodumene, which totaled 314,328 tons grading 2.04% lithium oxide (Li2O). 	Nemaska Lithium Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 16, 2007
VDO	Nevado Resources Corporation is a Canada-based exploration and evaluation-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, evaluating and developing mining properties. Its projects include La Blache, Fermont, Bozema Lake and Steel River projects. The Company owns 100% interest in the Titanium-Vanadium-Iron containing La Blache mining property located in the Baie-Comeau region in the Upper North Shore of Quebec. Its La Blache mining property includes around 439 claims and covers an area of around 242 square kilometers. The Fremont property is a Graphite-Iron property, located in the southern Labrador Trough in northeastern Quebec, Canada. Its Fremont property includes around 341 claims and covers an area of around 175 square kilometers. Its Bozema Lake property and Steel River property are zinc-copper-silver-gold volcanogenic sulfide ore deposit properties in the Schreiber-Hemlo greenstone belt. 	Nevado Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 9, 2006
NED	New Destiny Mining Corp.is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. Its exploration project includes Fuente De Oro property (Property) with an agreement with Central America Mining Corp. (CAM). The Property is located in Libertad district of Nicaragua, which is owned by CAMs subsidiary Central America Mining Corporation S.A. (CAMC). The Fuente De Oro property encompasses approximately 8570.36 hectares of mineral rights, which is considered prospective for gold and silver mineral properties. 	New Destiny Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 9, 2009
RAP.P	New Global Acreage Resources Ltd is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is to identify and evaluate assets or businesses with a view to acquire them or an interest therein by completing a purchase transaction. The Company intends to pursue a Qualifying Transaction in a resource sector. The Company will not carry on any business other than the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a proposed Qualifying Transaction. The Company's Qualifying Transaction may involve the acquisition of a business located outside of Canada. The Company has not commenced any commercial operations. The Company has no assets other than cash. 	New Global Acreage Resources Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 31, 2014
NNA	New Nadina Explorations Limited is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral and diamond properties in British Columbia, Saskatchewan and Northwest Territories. The Company operates through segment, being the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets in Canada. The Company's projects include Silver Queen Property-Central British Columbia and Monument Diamond Property-Lac de Gras, Northwest Territories. The Silver Queen property is located at approximately 40 kilometers on the all-weather Morice/Owen forest service road that originates in Houston B.C. continuing approximately 125 kilometers south to Huckleberry Mine. The Monument Diamond property is located at Lac de Gras, approximately 300 kilometers north of Yellowknife. The Monument Diamond property has approximately 10 diamond bearing kimberlites. It also holds interest in Saskatchewan Silica Sand Lease property. 	New Nadina Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 7, 1964
ORO	New Oroperu Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the identification, evaluation, acquisition and exploration primarily of gold properties in Peru. The Company holds 100% interest in the Tres Cruces gold project, which is located in north central Peru. In addition, the Company owns a 100% interest in the Estrella property in central Peru. The Company has one mineral lease, which is located in Ontario, Canada. 	New Oroperu Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 12, 1994
NWE	New West Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based company, which operates through its subsidiary, BearStone Environmental Solutions Inc. The Company operates in three segments: Corporate; Environmental Services, and Vacuum Truck Services, which owns and operates a fleet of straight, combo and hydro vac trucks along with end dumps, water and tank trucks with transport trailers, steamer and boiler units. The Company's services from the Medicine Hat center service include drilling projects, and services from Beaverlodge center include completions and production operations. The Company operates a fleet of bulk transport trailers and environmental services. The Company operates throughout Western Canada in the drilling, completions and production sectors of the oil and gas industry with its service centers located in Beaverlodge and Medicine Hat. 	New West Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	February 11, 1986
LAD	New Carolin Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a resource industry issuer, and is engaged in the acquisition of interests in, and the exploration of, mineral properties. The Company is focused on the exploration, evaluation and development of its 144 square kilometers of contiguous mineral claims, collectively known as the Ladner Gold Project. It holds a 10% working interest in the Ladner Gold Project. The Ladner Gold project is located near Hope, British Columbia, in the prospective and underexplored Coquihalla Gold Belt, which is host to several small gold producers, including the Carolin Mine, Emancipation Mine, Pipestem Mine and numerous gold prospects. The Ladner Gold Property includes approximately 204 claims (14,161 hectares) covering approximately 28 kilometers of the Coquihalla Gold Belt. 	New Carolin Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 26, 1981
NDR	New Dimension Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties throughout the Americas. The Company's exploration activities are focused on mineral properties situated in north central Ontario. The Company also maintains mineral properties in Manitoba and Argentina. It is focused on bulk tonnage gold and silver deposits. The Company's projects include Midas Project and Domain Project. The Company's Midas Project consists of around 12 staked mining claims, including 139 claim units covering approximately 2,112 hectares. The Midas Project is located approximately 20 kilometers southeast of Richmont Mines' Island Gold Mine complex and Argonaut Gold's Magino Gold Project. The Company's Domain Project is situated approximately 150 kilometers southeast of Thompson, Manitoba. The Domain Project consists of a mineral exploration license which covers an area of approximately 14,000 hectares in northern Manitoba. 	New Dimension Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	November 10, 2005
NEM	New Era Minerals Inc. formerly KCC Capital Corporation is a mineral exploration company. The Company, through its subsidiary, Haijin International Group Limited, owns 95% of Xinjiang Yongkun Mining Co. Ltd. (Yongkun). Yongkun's principal activities are the exploration, evaluation and development of mineral property interests in China, including Yongkun's 100% owned Suyeke North nickel property. The Suyeke North Property (the Property) is located approximately 425 kilometer west of the prefecture-level city of Urumqi. The Property comprises one exploration permit totaling 14.83 square kilometers. 	New Era Minerals Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 2, 2007
NW	New World Resource Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquiring and exploring its exploration and evaluation assets. The Company holds approximately 37.6% interest in the Lipena project located in the south-west department district of Potosi, Bolivia. It also holds approximately 60% interest in the Bonete mining concession. The Bonete mining concession surrounds the Company's Lipena project and consists of approximately 5,875 hectares. The copper, gold and silver mineralization at Lipena and Bonete is hosted by a subvertical magmatic hydrothermal breccia, with a vuggy, druzy hydrothermal quartz and tourmaline matrix. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include New World Resource Bolivia S.A., located in Bolivia, and New World Resource US, Inc., located in the United States. 	New World Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 22, 1983
NZ	New Zealand Energy Corp., through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the production, exploration and development of conventional and unconventional oil and natural gas resources in New Zealand, as well as the operation of the midstream assets in which the Company holds a working interest. The Company's assets are located on New Zealand's North Island and more specifically in the Taranaki Basin (97,726 net acres) and the East Coast Basin (1,048,406 acres). The Company holds a 50% interest, with L&M Energy Limited (L&M), in the PML 38138, PML 38140 and PML 38141 with eight wells in production. It has a 100% interest in PMP 55491 4 (with six wells in production) and PEP 51150 (with 5 wells). It holds a 50% working interest, with L&M in and is operator of the Waihapa Production Station and associated gathering and sales infrastructure, providing services to third parties, including oil handling and pipeline throughput, gas processing, and produced water handling and disposal. 	New Zealand Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	6	October 29, 2010
NNP	NewNorth Projects Ltd. is a Canada-based real estate development company. The Company is engaged in land and property development. Its activities range from residential single family to multi-family developments throughout Alberta, into the Northwest Territories. 	Newnorth Projects Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	April 2, 2002
NR	Newstrike Resources Ltd (Newstrike) is a Canada-based early stage exploration company primarily focused on precious and base metals exploration in Canada and the United States. The Company is a mineral exploration company, focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the mining of precious and base metals. The Company has operations in Ontario, Canada, and the United States. The Companys projects include The Sweetheart property and Swansea Property. The Sweetheart property, comprised of mining claims, leases and application comprising approximately 14,000 acres, is located in the vicinity of Rattlesnake Hills, Wyoming, United States. Newstrike Resources has a 25% interest in the Swansea property. The Swansea Property is located in McVittie Township, Ontario with its eastern boundary approximately one kilometer west of Bear Lake Gold Ltd. Fernland Larder Lake Property. 	Newstrike Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	September 24, 2004
NXE	Nexgen Energy Ltd. (Nexgen), formerly Clermont Capital Inc., is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of uranium properties in Canada. The Company's properties include Rook I Property, Radio uranium property (Radio) and Thorburn Lake project. The Rook I Property is located in Northern Saskatchewan, approximately 40 kilometers east of the Alberta border. The property consists of nine contiguous mineral dispositions (claims) totaling 35,061 hectares. NexGen also holds an option to earn an initial 70% interest in the Radio project located on trend with Rio Tinto's Roughrider uranium deposit. The company holds a 100% interest in the Thorburn Lake project which is located southwest of the Radio property and seven kilometers east of Cameco's Cigar Lake mine. 	Nexgen Energy Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 8, 2011
NXE.WT	nul	Nexgen Energy Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
NXG	NexgenRx Inc. (NexgenRx) is a Canada-based company engaged in the sale of its administration and health benefit claims adjudication services. The Company sells its administration and health benefit claims adjudication services to organizations who manage health benefit plans on behalf of plan sponsors, such as employers and associations, among others, and to a lesser extent directly to Canadian plan sponsors who wish to provide an Administrative Services Only (ASO) health benefit plan to their plan members. The health benefit claims include drug, dental, extended health and healthcare spending account claims. The Company sells its service on a fee-per-transaction basis, in addition to per member administration fees. 	NexgenRx Inc	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	20	March 13, 2003
NXO	Nexoptic Technology Corp, formerly Elissa Resources Ltd, is a Canada-based exploration company focused on United States with assets in Nevada and Idaho including the 100% owned Thor Heavy & Light Rare Earth Element (REE) Project at Nevada, located approximately 16 miles east of Molycorp's Mountain Pass rare earth mine and processing facility. Elissa's Thor REE Project is strongly represented in eight of the heavy and in five of the light rare earth elements including dysprosium, neodymium, yttrium and terbium. The project is 100% Elissa-owned and has 183 mining claims totaling approximately 1,481 hectares. The Ulysses REE Project at Idaho and Montana has three blocks of claims totaling 4,000 hectares covering significant parts of REE bearing mineral belt. 	Nexoptic Technology Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	October 11, 2007
NCA	Castle Mountain Mining Company Limited is a Canada-based development-stage gold company. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the acquisition, exploration for precious and base metals and other minerals. The Company has 100% interest in the Castle Mountain Venture, a California general partnership, which owns the Castle Mountain property in San Bernardino County, California. The Castle Mountain Venture land holdings (around 7,458 acres total) include patented claims (around 1,298 acres), and unpatented claims (around 6,160 acres). The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries including Castle Mountain Venture, is focused on the exploration and development of deposits in San Bernardino County, California. The wholly owned subsidiaries and venture of the Company include Telegraph Gold Inc., Telegraph Gold (US) Corp., Telegraph Gold (US) Holding Corp., Viceroy Gold Corp. and Castle Mountain Venture. 	NewCastle Gold Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	5	December 16, 2009
NER	Newmac Resources Inc. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in Canada. The Company is focused on exploration and development of the Crazy Fox Property and Moira Property located in British Columbia. The Crazy Fox Moybdenum-Tungsten property is located about 100 kilometers north of Kamloops BC and on the eastern edge of the caribou plateau about 20 kilometers North West of Little Fort. The Moira Molybdenum project is located 18 kilometers northwest of Clearwater, BC. 	Newmac Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 20, 2003
NXS	Nexus Gold Corp, formerly Alita Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the sourcing and exploration of mineral properties. The Company is engaged in development of precious metal mineral assets in mining and exploration districts. The Company is concentrating its exploration efforts on the Walker Ridge Gold Project (Walker Ridge), a drill-ready, multiple target, Carlin-type gold exploration project located in the Independence/Jerritt Canyon Gold Trend, Nevada in the United States. Walker Ridge spreads over approximately 4500 acres. Carlin-age intrusions, verified through uranium-lead radiometric age dating, have been discovered on the property at the center of the bull's-eye target, and spatially correlate to both the geochemical and geophysical anomalies. 	Nexus Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 7, 2009
NWX	Newport Exploration Ltd., formerly CVL Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company owns the Chu Chua copper-gold mine project, which is located approximately 70 kilometers north of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada. The Company has royalty interests in oil and gas permits in the Cooper Basin, Australia, which include permits operated and explored by Beach Energy Ltd. (Beach), Drillsearch Energy Limited (Drillsearch) and Santos Ltd. (Santos). 	Newport Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 19, 1979
NIA	Niagara Ventures Corporation is a capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is engaged in the identification, evaluation and acquisition of assets, properties or business. The Company is focus on industrial manufacturing and technology service companies. The Company invests in commercial real estate properties. 	Niagara Ventures Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 25, 2012
NIM	Huldra Silver Inc. (Huldra) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral property interests. The Company holds over 100% interests in Treasure Mountain property, which is located approximately 29 Kilometers northeast of Hope, British Columbia. The Company's Treasure Mountain Mine is silver or lead or zinc vein hosted deposit. The Company also holds interest in Mill Property, which covers an area of approximately 8,400 hectares and located in south central British Columbia, approximately 10 kilometers west of Merritt. The Company's Thule Copper project covers an area of approximately 8,272 hectares, which is located to the northwest of Merritt, British Columbia. 	Nicola Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	110	March 31, 1980
NHK	Nighthawk Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is focused on acquiring and developing gold mineral properties in the Northwest Territories (NWT). Its Indin Lake Gold Property includes a total land position of around 229,791 acres or 930 square kilometers in the Indin Lake Greenstone Belt. The Colomac Gold Project contains five separate gold deposits open in all dimensions (Colomac, Grizzly Bear, Goldcrest North, Goldcrest South, and 24/27). Its Treasure Island Corridor property is located at Yellowknife, NWT. The Company also has mineral leases encompassing the Kim and Cass gold deposits, as well as multiple other prospects within the Indin Lake Greenstone Belt. 	Nighthawk Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 8, 2004
NGH	Nightingale Informatix Corporation (Nightingale) is a Canada-based company, which offers cloud-based clinician and community-based electronic health records (EHR). The Company's EHR and integrated practice management products enable physicians and nurse practitioners at primary care practices, multi-physician outpatient clinics and hospitals, as well as government and regional health organizations to automate business and clinical functions. The Company has agreements in place with hospitals, regional groups and provincial governments and has a base of customers using its Practice Management and EHR products in Canada and the United States. These customers range from single practitioners to enterprises with thousands of users. Its solutions support both small and medium sized businesses, as well as multi-location, large businesses. The Company's products include Practice Management, Billing Solutions, Medical Records and Interoperability. 	Nightingale Informatix Corp	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	December 14, 2001
NNX	Nickel North Exploration Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral property interests in Canada. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Hawk Ridge Property and the Nairn Property. The Hawk Ridge Property is located near the northern end of the Labrador Trough (New Quebec Orogen) with 713 contiguous mineral claims covering 30,658 hectares along a 48.7 kilometers belt of mafic to ultramafic intrusive, volcanic and sedimentary rocks. The Nairn Property is an early stage nickel-copper exploration property located in Nairn Township in northeastern Ontario. It consists of 14 unpatented mining claims covering approximately 2,860.4 hectares. 	Nickel North Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 27, 2007
NIK	Nikos Explorations Ltd. (Nikos) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral right interests in Canada. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Nikos Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 24, 1987
NIO	Niocan Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the process of exploring and evaluating its mineral properties and projects. The Company has mineral exploration and development properties in the province of Quebec. In addition, it holds a niobium property in Oka, Quebec. The Company's mining properties and exploration assets include Oka property and the Great Whale property. The Oka mining property consists of mining rights consisting of approximately 49 claims covering an area of around 2,191 acres. The Oka project involves the development of a mining complex based on an underground mine, a concentrator and a converter for the production of Ferro niobium. The Company also owns a 100% interest in surface and mining rights for the iron property of Great Whale property. The Great Whale property covers an area of approximately 56,195 acres on the Hudson Bay territory. 	Niocan Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	6	August 30, 1995
NZZ	Nitinat Minerals Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral resources company. The Company owns 100% interest in in the Jasper property located on west-central Vancouver Island, British Columbia. The Company also owns an undivided 100% interest in certain mining claims located in Chibougamau in the Province of Quebec. The property is subject to a 3% net smelter return and the Company has the option to purchase 1% of the 3% NSR up to 90 days from the date which the Company announces the commencement of production. Taman Petroleum Corporation is the Companys wholly owned subsidiary. 	Nitinat Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 19, 2007
NNN	Nickel One Resources Inc., formerly Redline Resources Inc., is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties with the objective of locating economic mineral deposits. The Company focuses on identifying and evaluating business opportunities with a view to complete a Qualifying Transaction. The Company assists companies in the identification of the top accounting, finance, and office professionals for their team. The Company offered personalized recruiting services. The Company offers its services in the industries, including aerospace, banking, chemical, consumer products, e-commerce, energy, logistics, healthcare, hospitality, industrial, information technology, insurance, manufacturing, merchandising, private equity, property management, risk management, retail and telecommunications. 	Nickel One Resources Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 16, 2007
NIP	Nippon Dragon Resources Inc. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of its wholly owned and joint venture mining properties, which are auriferous bearing and base metal, located in Quebec and Peru. The Company's projects include Rocmec 1, Denain and Courville-Maruska. The Rocmec 1 project is located in the Dasserat Township, Province of Quebec on the shores of the Labyrinthe Lake. The property includes a 100 meter deep two-compartment shaft, an 844 meters decline allowing access to four levels (50, 90, 110 and 130 meters). On these levels a total of 2,000 meters (drifts and cross-cut drift) were driven. The gold mineralization at the Rocmec 1 Property is linked to east-northeast, centimetric and metric-wide quartz veins. The Denain property is located in Louvicourt, in close proximity to Val-d'Or. 	Nippon Dragon Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 18, 2000
NEL.UN	Nobel Real Estate Investment Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The Trust owns eight commercial properties in the geographic market of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, with a leasable space of 395,970 square feet. The Trust's properties include Longueuil Property, a mixed-used property; Boucherville Property, an office building; Saint-Leonard Property, an industrial property; Chateauguay Property, a retail building; Mascouche Property, a commercial property; Ryan Property, an office property; Reverchon Property, an industrial property, and Griffith Property, an industrial property. The Trust's wholly owned subsidiaries include Nobel REIT Limited Partnership, Nobel REIT General Partnership Inc. and Capital Nobel Inc. 	Nobel Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
NIR	Noble Iron Inc. is a Canada-based company that operates in equipment rental, equipment sales, and enterprise asset management software for the construction and industrial equipment industry. The Company's equipment rental and dealership business operates under the name Noble Iron, which offers construction and industrial equipment and accessories for rent and for sale. It offers a range of equipment for rent, including aerial, forklift, light compact and heavy equipment, and serves customers in Southern California and Southeast Texas. The Company's software division operates under the name Texada Software, which develops software applications to manage the complete equipment ownership lifecycle: from equipment purchasing; rental and sales transactions; inventory management; maintenance and depreciation tracking; through to used equipment sales, disposal and inventory replenishment. 	Noble Iron Inc	Technology	Software	--	November 5, 2008
NMG	Noble Metal Group Incorporated is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and development of its mineral properties for precious and base metals located in the Cariboo Mining Division of British Columbia. The property consists of 7,714.78 hectares of hard rock mineral claims. The Company owns 100% of Cariboo mineral claims and placer mining leases and is contiguous. The Cariboo Placer Property encompasses an area of 211.34 hectares. The Company's two Placer Claims are the Lou1 and Lou 2 total 100 hectares. 	Noble Metal Group Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
NOB	Noble Mineral Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration company engaged in mineral exploration and evaluation. The Company holds approximately 72,000 hectares of mineral rights in the Timmins/Cochrane area of Northern Ontario. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets are Project 81 and Holdsworth Property. The Company also holds a portfolio of diversified exploration projects at various stages of exploration and drilling for Gold in the Wawa and North Timmins areas of Northern Ontario, and Uranium in Northern Saskatchewan. Its Project 81 project's mineral rights cover an area of approximately 69,450 hectares. It also includes approximately 450 claims contiguous to Block A covering approximately 7,250 hectares and approximately 10 claim blocks contiguous in Lucas, Duff and Tully Townships of approximately 2,140 hectares. The Company's Holdsworth Property includes approximately 20 contiguous patented mining claims covering approximately 300 hectares. 	Noble Mineral Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 1, 2003
NX	Noka Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company and is in the process of acquiring and exploring its mineral property interests. The principal business of the Company is the identification, evaluation and acquisition of mineral properties, as well as exploration of mineral properties. The Company is focusing its financial resources on uranium in the Athabasca Basin, Northern Saskatchewan. With a total land position of 493,236 hectares, the Company holds land packages through a 100% interest in the Clearwater (which includes the Carpenter Lake) and Athabasca North group of properties, an option to earn a 100% interest in the Lodge Pole Point Project, as well as a 25% interest in the Western Athabasca Syndicate group of properties. 	Noka Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 15, 2010
NMD	Nomad Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is in the process of exploring its resource properties with all assets and operations located in Canada. The Company has no producing properties at present. 	Nomad Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 27, 2007
NRM	Noram Ventures Inc. is a natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. It has acquired a 100% undivided interest in the Silver Hill Property, which is located in the Revelstoke Mining Division, approximately 45 kilometers southeast of Revelstoke, British Columbia, where it focus on the exploration of copper and molybdenum. The Silver Hill Property consists of approximately 11 mineral claims. It has an option to acquire a 100% interest in the Kokanee Claims, consisting of over 15 mining claims located in the Slocan Mining District of British Columbia; a 100% interest in the Jumbo Claims, consisting of over 22 mining claims located near Nakusp, British Columbia; a 100% interest in the Amazing Grace property in southeast British Columbia, which consists of over 17 claims totaling approximately 4,918 hectares and is located approximately 12 kilometers southeast of the City of Castlegar in the Nelson and Trail Mining Division. 	Noram Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 15, 2010
NXX	Nordex Explosives Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which manufactures and distributes explosives for the mining, quarry and road construction industries. The Company's manufacturing operations and distribution center are located near Kirkland Lake, Ontario. The Company operates key locations in Kirkland Lake, Manitoulin Island, Matheson, Muskoka, and Sudbury, Ontario. The Company has established satellite sites at various locations, including Manitoulin Island, Ontario; Matheson, Ontario; Sudbury, Ontario and Muskoka Region, Ontario. The Manitoulin Island, Ontario location allows the Company to solicit and service additional construction, quarry and mining clients in a geographic location previously not available. The Matheson, Ontario location allows the Company to continue sales to non-mining companies and permits the storage and distribution of explosives on site. 	Nordex Explosives Ltd	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	August 4, 1970
NOT	Noront Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties with a focus on the Ring of Fire in Northwestern Ontario. The Company explores for base and precious metals, including nickel, copper, platinum group metals, chromite, iron, titanium, vanadium, gold, and silver. The Company's projects include Eagle's Nest Mine, Blackbird Deposit, Big Daddy Deposit, Black Thor and Black Label Deposits and McFaulds Deposit. Its other projects include Blue Jay (AT-12), Thunderbird, Triple J Gold Zone, Eagle Two, Kyle Kimberlite and MacFadyen. The Eagle's Nest Project involves construction, operation and closure of an underground mine, processing facility, associated ore transportation and handling infrastructure. The Big Daddy chromite deposit is located over five kilometers northeast of Eagle's Nest. Thunderbird is an iron-vanadium-titanium deposit and Eagle Two is a nickel-copper-platinum-group element (PGE) occurrence. 	Noront Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 14, 1980
NOG	Nordic Oil and Gas Ltd. (Nordic) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company's oil and gas properties are located in the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. Nordic is an oil, natural gas and coal bed methane (CBM) exploration and development company. The Company has a 42.5% - 85% interest in 4,480 gross acres in Joffre, Alberta. It has an 80% interest in 38,079 gross acres of in the Preeceville/Endeavour region of east-central Saskatchewan. Nordic holds a 100% interest in 160 acres at Lloydminster, containing two heavy oils wells. It has a 100% ownership position in one section of land consisting of approximately 640 acres, in the Talbot Lake area of the Peace River Arch region of northwestern Alberta. It has 1.5 sections of land near Elk Point/St. Paul area of Alberta. It has an average of 80% interest in 1,179 hectares of land from a Western Canadian resource company in the Noel, British Columbia area. 	Nordic Oil and Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 29, 2000
NVT	Nortec Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in Finland. Its projects include LK Property and Tammela Property. The Company's LK Property includes the Haukiaho and Kaukua properties. The Kaukua property is a platinum, palladium, gold property located in northeastern Finland. The Haukiaho project is a palladium, platinum, gold, copper and nickel property located in northern Finland. The Company also holds 54% interest in the Lantinen Koillismaa Project. The Company's Tammela property includes two lithium claim reservations, including Kietyonmaki Lithium Prospect and Hirvikallio Lithium Prospect. The Tammela Property is located in southwest Finland. The Company's subsidiaries include Nortec Minerals Oy (NMO), Tammela Minerals Oy (TMO), Fennor Minerals Corp. (FMC) and Finore Mining Inc. (Finore). 	Nortec Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	June 1, 1999
NAN	North American Nickel Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada and Greenland. The Company's Post Creek property is located 35 kilometers east of Sudbury in Norman and Parkin townships and consists of 35 contiguous unpatented mining claims covering an area of 624 hectares and seven contiguous unpatented mining claims covering 416 hectares. The Company's Halcyon property is located 35 kilometers north-northeast of Sudbury in the Southeast corner of Parkin townships and consists of 53 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately 864 hectares. The Company's Maniitsoq project is centered 160 kilometers north of Nuuk, Greenland and covers various nickel-copper sulfide occurrences associated with norite and other mafic-ultramafic intrusions. The Company has completed approximately 39 drill holes and one deepened hole totaling 8,773 meters. 	North American Nickel Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	September 20, 1983
NPD	North American Potash Developments Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The Company's mineral properties include Hornby Basin Property, Paradox Basin and Holbrook Basin. The Company is focused on Lisbon Valley property in Paradox Basin, Utah. The Hornby Basin Property is located north of east-end of Great Bear Lake, around 430 kilometers northwest of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, approximately 80 kilometers north of Port Radium. The Company is focused on Lisbon Valley property located in the Paradox Basin, Utah. The Company's Lisbon Valley potash property includes around 6,277 acres within the State mineral leases. In addition to the State mineral leases, the Company has around 25 permit applications pending for an additional 51,966 acres of Federal Land in the Lisbon Valley. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	North American Potash Developments Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 13, 2006
NTC	North American Tungsten Corporation Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in tungsten mining and related activities, which includes the acquisition, exploration, development and processing of ores and concentrates. The Company projects include the Cantung operating mine and the Mactung property. The Cantung Mine is located in the Nahanni area of western Northwest Territories, Canada, approximately 300 kilometers north-east of Watson Lake, Yukon. The Cantung mine is a tungsten mine, which consists of both open pit and underground operations, which extract ore from a scheelite-chalcopyrite bearing skarn. The Mactung property is located in the Yukon in the Selwyn Mountain Range and covers the area around Mt. Allan, approximately eight kilometers northwest of MacMillan Pass. 	North American Tungsten Corp Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	168	May 3, 1996
NAR	North Arrow Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on evaluating diamond exploration properties in Canada. The Company's diamond properties include Qilalugaq (Nunavut), Pikoo (Saskatchewan), Lac de Gras (Northwest Territories) and Redemption (Northwest Territories). The Qilalugaq diamond project is located near the community of Naujaat (Repulse Bay), Nunavut. The Pikoo diamond project consists of approximately 33,374 hectares of mineral claims located approximately 140 kilometers east of La Ronge, Saskatchewan. The Lac de Gras Diamond project forms a contiguous block of mineral claims and mining leases located within the Lac de Gras region of the Northwest Territories. The Redemption project is located within the Lac de Gras diamond district, approximately 32 kilometers southwest of, and approximately 47 kilometers to the west of the Ekati and Diavik diamond mines, respectively. It also owns Mel diamond project and Luxx diamond project. 	North Arrow Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 27, 2007
NUK	North Sea Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and appraisal (E&A) company. The Company's portfolio is focused on the Moray Firth in the United Kingdom North Sea. The Company's portfolio include Bagpuss and Blofeld (Blocks 13/24c and 13/25), Norfolk and Norfolk East Prospects (Blocks 12/16b and 12/17b). The Norfolk and Norfolk East are located in the Inner Moray Firth, near the Sutherland coast northeast-southwest basin formed by the Great Glen Fault on the west side. The Bagpuss and Blofeld are located on the western margin of the Halibut Host at the eastern extremity of the Inner Moray Firth. 	North Sea Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 13, 2011
NST	North Sur Resources Inc. (North Sur) is a Canada-based company. North Sur is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company's exploration focus is in the Northwest Territories. The Company has 100% of Manson Creek Resources Ltd.'s interest in an option to acquire a mining property located in the Northwest Territories. 	North Sur Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 12, 2011
INM	Northair Silver Corp., formerly International Northair Mines Ltd., is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Mexico. Its projects include La Cigarra Project, El Reventon, Sierra Rosario, Brandywine and Los Cuates. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, owns a 100% interest in La Cigarra Project located in the State of Chihuahua, Mexico. La Cigarra consists of mineral concessions totaling approximately 19,000 hectares. It owns a 100% interest in the El Reventon project, which is located in the municipality of Otaez, Durango and is approximately 170 kilometers northwest of the capital city of Durango. Its Sierra Rosario silver/gold project is located in the state of Sinaloa, Mexico. The project is located approximately 25 linear kilometers northwest of Choix, Sinaloa and approximately 40 kilometers east of Alamos, Sonora. The Company also has additional claims in the Los Cuates property. 	Northair Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	9	September 13, 1966
NAI	Northern Abitibi Mining Corporation is a junior exploration company. The Company is focused on identifying, acquiring and developing North American exploration projects. The Companys Ches copper-molybdenum-tungsten property is located in central British Columbia. The project is road accessible and contains pyrrhotite-chalcopyrite-scheelite replacement (skarn) style mineralization in calcareous sedimentary rocks and quartz chalcopyrite-molybdenite-scheelite stockwork veining in fine grained siltstones. The Company owns 11 million shares of Spruce Ridge Resources Ltd. (22.7%) which owns the Viking Gold Project located in Newfoundland and Labrador. The Company has a royalty interest in 76 claims located adjacent to the 1.88 million ounce Douay Project of Vior Inc. 	Northern Abitibi Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 14, 2011
NOR	North Group Finance Limited is a Canada-based company engaged in investments and merchant banking. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is 0719906 BC Ltd. (0719906). 	North Group Finance Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	--	May 21, 2005
NM	Northern Empire Resources Corp., formerly Prosperity Goldfields Corp., is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and exploration of natural resource properties in precious metals and base metals. The Company's properties include Kiyuk Lake property, Richardson property and El Reventon Silver project. The Kiyuk Lake property is located in southern Nunavut and comprises 50 contiguous mineral claims totaling 42,912 hectares that fall on Crown land within Nunavut Territory's Kivalliq District. The Company owns the Kiyuk Lake property. The Richardson property is located in the north of the Richardson highway, 115 kilometers southeast of Fairbanks, Alaska. The property covers around 28,000 acres (11,300 hectares). The El Reventon Silver project is located in Durango State, Mexico and comprises three contiguous mineral concessions with a combined area of 3,436 hectares. 	Northern Empire Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 10, 2010
NGC	Northern Graphite Corporation is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of the Bissett Creek graphite Project (Bissett Creek Project). The Company owns a 100% interest in the Bissett Creek Project, which contains a graphite deposit, and is located in the United Townships of Head, Clara and Maria, in the County of Renfrew, Province of Ontario. The Bissett Creek Project consists of Ontario mining lease number 106693 (covering approximately 565 hectares), Ontario mining lease number 109335 (covering approximately 1,938 hectares) and around five unpatented mining claims covering approximately 464 hectares, for a total project area of approximately 2,967 hectares. 	Northern Graphite Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 25, 2002
NFR	Northern Freegold Resources Ltd. is a junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in n the acquisition, exploration and, if warranted, the development of mineral properties of merit in the Yukon Territory, Canada and Arizona, United States. The Company's Freegold Mountain project is located within the Dawson Range, approximately 70 kilometers northwest of Carmacks in the Whitehorse Mining District. The property covers an area in excess of 198 square kilometers. The Burro Creek Property is located 1.6 kilometers off State Highway 93 in Mohave County, Arizona, 105 kilometers southeast of Kingman, Arizona, and 265 kilometers southeast of Las Vegas, Nevada. The 3,000 acre property consists of four patented mineral claims and 100 surrounding unpatented mineral claims. 	Northern Freegold Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	January 13, 2006
FFF	Northern Frontier Corp., formerly Frontier Acquisition Corp., is a Canada-based provider of civil construction and excavation services to the industrial industry and provides bulk water and fluids transfer services in western Canada. The Company has two operating segments: Civil and Logistics. The Company's Civil operating segment provides civil construction and excavation services to the industrial industry, primarily in the in situ Oilsands market of northeastern Alberta, Canada. The Company's Logistics operating segment provides services for bulk movement of water used in the testing of infrastructure storage tanks and pipelines, as well as dewatering and other services for industrial sites in western Canada. 	Northern Frontier Corp	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	October 20, 2011
NFE	Northern Iron Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company focused on developing iron ore opportunities in the Red Lake Mining Division of Ontario, Canada. The Company has 100% interests in five iron ore properties in the Red Lake district containing iron oxide (Fe2O3). Its projects include Karas property, El Sol property, Whitemud property and Papaonga property. The Karas Property consists of 15 unpatented contiguous mining claims covering a total of approximately 3,200 hectares in Karas Lake Township. The Griffith property is approximately 1,776 hectares in size and consists of 11 unpatented contiguous mining claims. The El Sol property consist four unpatented contiguous mineral claims for a total of approximately 1,024 hectares. The Whitemud Property consists of a contiguous block of 30 unpatented mining claims. The Papaonga property consists of a block of nine unpatented mineral claims that is centered on Papaonga Lake. 	Northern Iron Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	0	July 9, 2010
NSC	Northern Sun Mining Corp. is focused on the exploration, development and production of nickel and related base metals from its assets in the Shaw Dome, a nickel belt near Timmins, Ontario. The Company's segments consist of development and operating mines in the nature of the business activities, and mineral exploration. The Company has a 100% interest in three groups of mining claims and leases in northern Ontario, including over 12,000 hectares in the Shaw Dome Nickel Belt, which is 25 kilometers southeast of Timmins; 6,400 hectares in Groves Township in a Nickel? Copper?Platinum Group metals project area 20 kilometers southeast of Gogama; 1,200 hectares in the McAra Lake area in a Cobalt?Nickel?Copper project about 120 kilometers southeast of Timmins, and the Hart nickel project located approximately seven kilometers east of the Redstone nickel mine in Eldorado Township. 	Northern Sun Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	10	June 1, 2006
NL	Northern Lion Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of a portfolio of projects within mining and infrastructure areas of Europe. The Company held interests in various permits located in the Paphos and the Larnaca District. The Company has presence in the Republic of Cyprus. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Northern Lion Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 19, 1980
NRN	Northern Shield Resources Inc. is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for platinum group element (PGE) and associated metals in Canada. The Company's properties include Idefix, Storm, K67, Huckleberry, Highbank, Brian, Pluto, Vagabond, Roquet and Ikertoq. The Company's Idefix Property is located approximately 75 kilometers northwest of the Community of Kuujjuaq, in the Nunavik region of the province of Quebec. Its Idefix Property is situated in the Labrador Trough of the Paleoproterozoic New Quebec Orogen, southeastern Churchill Province. Its Storm Claim Group is located in northwestern Ontario and consists of six claim blocks, which include Tempest, Typhoon, Blizzard, Squall, Monsoon and Gale. The Company's Highbank Property is located in North-Western Ontario, approximately 60 kilometers north of its Wabassi project and 40 kilometers south of the Ring of Fire Ni-Cu-PGE and Chromite deposits. 	Northern Shield Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 30, 2003
SUP	Northern Superior Resources Inc. (Northern Superior) is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior mining company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition, evaluation and exploration of gold properties in Ontario and Quebec. The Company's projects include Ti-pa-haa-kaa-ning (TPK) property, Croteau Est property, Lac Surprise and Ville Marie. Its TPK property consists of 190 mining claims consisted of 2,506 units totaling 42,719 hectares and is located 470 kilometers (km) northeast of Thunder Bay and 190 km northeast of Pickle Lake. Its Croteau Est gold property is centered 28 km northeast of Chapais and 17 km northwest of Chibougamau. The Croteau Est property consists of a contiguous block of 502 claims that consists of an area of approximately 22,051 hectares. Its Lac Surprise gold property is located approximately 65 km south of Chibougamau and 45 km south of the town of Chapais, Quebec, and consists of 333 claims covering an area of approximately 18,555 hectares. 	Northern Superior Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 13, 1985
UNO	Northern Uranium Corp., formerly MPVC Inc., is a Canada-based mineral resources company. The Company is engaged in discovering a uranium deposit at its Northwest Manitoba project. The Company holds a 50% interest in the Northwest Manitoba Property, which covers approximately 143,603 hectares and consists of three licenses, MEL-236B, MEL-166B and MEL-247B. The project is located along the extension of the Mudjatik Wollaston tectonic zone, which hosts various uranium deposits within the Athabasca Basin. The Company does not generate any revenue from operations. 	Northern Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	July 19, 2005
NOV	NovX21 Inc. is engaged in the development of two technologies, which are to increase the chromium to iron ratios of chromite and extract platinum group metals (PGM) out of refractory ore and concentrates rich in PGM. The Company also holds interests in four mining properties, all located in the province of Quebec. Its mining operations are mainly focused on the properties in the James Bay Region: Menarik and Lac Ewart. The Menarik Property is located to the south-east of Radisson City, on the Baie James territory. The Menarik property forms one contiguous block of around 67 claims located in the center of sheet 33/F6. This bloc of claims covers an area of around 3,061.97 hectares. The Lac Ewart Property is located on the Baie James territory to the south of La Grande 3 station. The Lac Ewart property forms one contiguous block of around 32 claims and covers an area of 1,548.45 hectares. The properties in Tavernier and Vauquelin are located in areas of the Abitibi region. 	Novx21 Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 22, 1986
NEE	Northern Vertex Mining Corp. is a Canada-based based exploration and mining company. The company is focused on acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties principally located in the United States and Canada. The Companys projects include the Moss gold-silver Project located in Mohave County, Arizona. The Moss Mine Gold-Silver Project is a gold-silver stockwork, brecciated, low sulphidation, epithermal vein system which extends over a three strike length of 1,400 meters and has drill tested to depths of 370 meters vertically. It holds a lease and option on the Silver Creek property, located adjacent to the Moss Mine with La Cuesta International, Inc. 	Northern Vertex Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 7, 2007
NFD.A	Northfield Capital Corporation (Northfield) is focused on making strategic investments in, and supporting the management initiatives of selected businesses. The Company seeks to participate in businesses, which are past the initial development-stage and demonstrate the potential for appreciation in value. Northfield also carries on other traditional merchant banking activities, such as short-term investing. Northfield provides both human and capital resources to influence the strategic direction and operating orientation of its strategic investments. Northfield classifies its investments into two categories, which include marketable securities and other investments. Marketable securities are investments in entities, which are considered short-term in nature or are not viewed as a significant holding. Other investments are either investment in entities, which are long term in nature, equity investments or investments that are required to be long-term under applicable accounting rules. 	Northfield Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	
NCX	NorthIsle Copper and Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of its North Island Project on Vancouver Island. The North Island Project claims are located on northern Vancouver Island from 15 to 40 kilometers southwest of Port Hardy and 360 kilometers northwest of Vancouver, British Columbia. The North Island Copper Gold Property consists of three blocks of mineral claims located on northern Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. The mineral claim blocks are referred to as the Hushamu claims, the Apple Bay claims, and the Rupert Block. The North Island Project consists of the Hushamu Deposit and five other partially explored porphyry occurrences, including NW Expo, Hep, South MacIntosh, Pemberton Hills and Rupert. 	Northisle Copper and Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 3, 2011
NQ	Northquest Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in exploring for gold and other metals in Canada, Mali, and other prospective geological terranes. Its operating project is Pistol Bay Project, which is located in the Nunavut Territory of Canada. The Vickers Target is an elliptical gabbro-diorite intrusive complex with a long axis of 1 kilometer in the Pistol Bay project. The gabbro-diorite intrusion is within silicified felsic schist and mylonite of a linear zone referred to as the Pistol Bay Corridor. Gold in surface outcrops occurs in a silicic, chloritic, breccia body exposed in the margin and footwall of the intrusion. PB-14-06 and PB-14-07 were drilled approximately 40 meters south of PB-13-10, which intersected 44.00 meters grading 3.40 grams gold per ton. 	Northquest Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 18, 2008
NTQ	NovaTeqni Corporation, formerly Hombre Capital Inc., is a Canada-based company engaged in the development and sales of technology based solutions and related hardware. The Company mainly provides its solutions to the voter registration and voter validation industries. The Company markets its services out of Hong Kong and China. The Company develops technology based products from concept or from user requirement specifications to prototype and to production. The Company provides elections solutions, including electronic voting machines and voter identification, transaction based solutions, including agency banking solutions, and energy management and monitoring solutions. The Company services include product development and prototype production. 	NovaTeqni Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	July 31, 2012
NVO	Novo Resources Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged primarily in the business of evaluating, acquiring and exploring natural resource properties. The Company, through its indirect subsidiaries, holds a 100% interest in the core of the Beatons Creek project and a 70% interest in approximately 1,800 square kilometers surrounding Beatons Creek and at nearby Marble Bar in the Pilbara region, Western Australia. The Company's subsidiaries include Novo Resources (USA) Corp., Conglomerate Gold Exploration (B.V.I.) Ltd., Conglomerate Gold Exploration Pty. Ltd., Nullagine Gold Pty. Ltd., Beatons Creek Gold Pty. Ltd. and Grant's Hill Gold Pty. Ltd. 	Novo Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 28, 2009
NVI	nul	Novra Technologies Inc			--	
NVV	Norvista Capital Corporation (Norvista) is a resource-based merchant bank. The Company is primarily focused on investing its capital in exploration properties and small-scale pre-production projects in both the base metal and precious metal sectors of the junior resource market. Investee companies, public or private, will be involved in resource exploration or small-scale production projects in both the base metal and precious metal sectors of the junior resource market. The number of investments within Norvista's portfolio consists of six publicly-traded investments and one privately-held investment. The Company offers investors a vehicle through which they can access compelling investment opportunities in the junior resource industry. 	Norvista Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	3	June 4, 2014
NOU	Nouveau Monde Mining Enterprises Inc. (Nouveau Monde) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company holds properties in precious metals, base metals and strategic minerals. Nouveau Monde focuses on the generation of mineral exploration projects in the province of Quebec, Canada. The Company's projects include Matawinie, Mac's Lead, Riviere au Castor and Bienville. The Matawinie property holds around 10 claim blocks covering multi-kilometer conductive anomalies located in the eastern extension of the central metasedimentary chain. The Mac's Lead property is situated approximately 70 kilometers northeast of the community of Kuujjuarapik, on the east coast of Hudson Bay. The Riviere-au-Castor property is located on crown land, a few dozen kilometers south of the town of Radisson, in NTS sheets 33F06 and 33F11. The Bienville property is located in the Bienville geological sub-province in northern Quebec. 	Nouveau Monde Mining Enterprises Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 31, 2012
NGZ	NRG Metals Inc, formerly Codrington Resource Corporation, is a Canada-based company engaged in developing an Energy Metal Deposit. The Company is engaged in developing and producing at the Lac Aux Bouleaux Graphite Project. The Company's Lac Aux Bouleaux Graphite Project is located in Quebec, Canada. The Company's Lac Aux Bouleaux Graphite Project consists of approximately 10 mineral claims in one contiguous block totaling approximately 738.12 hectares land on NTS 31J05, near the town of Mont-Laurier in southern Quebec. The Lac Aux Bouleaux Graphite Project consists of quartzofeldspathic, garnetiferous paragneiss and limestone/marble beds. The Lac Aux Bouleaux Graphite Projects Mine site includes serviced mill building and tailings ponds. 	NRG Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 20, 1995
NLL	NSI Strategic Investments Ltd. is Canada-based Company. The Company does not have any ongoing operations. The Company's management is considering various alternatives for the future of the Company. Earlier, the operations of the Company consisted primarily of joint venture interests in the development and sale of leasehold interests in residential condominiums on First Nations reserves in British Columbia. The Company's activities were focused on its 20% partnership interest in the Signature Estates Project in North Vancouver, a three-phase condominium development. The Signature Estates Project is a development in North Vancouver on Burrard Indian Band land. 	NSI Strategic Investments Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	0	June 17, 1993
NSX	NSGold Corporation (NSGold) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring for gold and base metals in Nova Scotia, Canada. The Company's flagship property is the Mooseland Gold Project (Mooseland). The Mooseland property is an advanced-stage exploration property located 70 kilometers northeast of the city of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Company also holds two early-stage gold and base-metal exploration properties located in Nova Scotia, including Leipsigate and Cheticamp properties. The Leipsigate property is located approximately 120 kilometers west of Halifax in Lunenberg County, Nova Scotia. The Cheticamp property is a gold and base-metal exploration property. The Cheticamp property is located in the Cheticamp Highlands area of Cape Breton, Nova Scotia. 	NSGold Corp			--	June 18, 2010
NCI	NTG Clarity Networks Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in delivering network, telecom, information technology (IT) and infrastructure solutions to network service providers and medium and large enterprises. The Company provides telecommunications engineering, information technology, networking and related software solutions. The Company operates in Canada, Egypt and Saudi Arabia segments. The Company is also engaged in developing software products directed at the telecom service providers and utilities market. The Company's NTS Dashboard is a business intelligence (BI) software that displays information in real time from databases, data warehouses, spreadsheets and other data sources, in a single location. Its NTS Project Management Portfolio (PPM) is a tool, which allows companies to manage current and/or proposed projects at the same time. The Company has operations in Toronto, Canada; Cairo, Egypt; Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Qatar, and Kuwait. 	NTG Clarity Networks Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	400	June 19, 2000
NUG	NuLegacy Gold Corporation is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on exploration properties in Eureka County, Nevada. It is focused on exploring Iceberg (Red Hill) Project. The Iceberg (Red Hill) Project, located in Eureka County, Nevada, encompasses approximately 1,300 unpatented lode mining claims covering approximately 98 square kilometers. The Iceberg (Red Hill) Project comprises Iceberg Property option agreement, which consists of around 818 unpatented lode mining claims comprising approximately 60 square kilometers and Idaho Resources (Wilson) Property option agreement, which consists of around 482 unpatented lode mining claims compromising approximately 38 square kilometers. Through an agreement with Idaho Resources Corporation, the Company has possession and control to explore, develop, mine and operate on the Wilson property, which consists of around 482 unpatented lode mining claims. 	Nulegacy Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 15, 2009
KZZ	Nunavik Nickel Mines Ltd. (Nunavik Nickel) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company's properties include Marymac prospect, Boston Bulldog prospect, Fortin property and Shoot Out prospect. The Company holds around 100% interest in the Marymac prospect, which is located in the Labrador trough of Quebec. The Marymac prospect consists of around 182 map designated units, which encompass an area of approximately 10,000 hectares. The Boston Bulldog prospect consists of around three mineral claims that are located in Kirkland Lake Ontario. The Fortin property is located in the central part of Duscros Township and consists of five contiguous mining claims. The Shoot Out Prospect consists of around 161 claims covering a surface area of approximately 7,526 hectares located in the Raglan Belt of Northern Quebec. 	Nunavik Nickel Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 18, 2010
NCL.P	Nurcapital Corporation Ltd is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company focuses on the business of identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to complete a qualifying transaction. The Company has not commenced operations. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Nurcapital Corp Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 8, 2015
NQE	NQ Exploration Inc. (NQ) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties. The Company's Carheil property lies in Brouillan and Carheil Townships in the northern Abitibi region, approximately five kilometer southwest of the old Selbaie mine. The property covers an area of 50.4 square kilometers in 108 cells. The Opawica property lies approximately 20 kilometers east of Desmaraisville in the Chibougamau mining camp. The Gand 1 property lies in the James Bay region, approximately 25 kilometer northeast of Desmaraisville in the Chibougamau mining district. It consists of 47 contiguous claims in Gand and Lesperance townships covering a total area of 1,741 square kilometer. The property is wholly owned by NQ. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Brouillan West property located to the west of its Carheil property. It also owns La Ronciere property and Wagosic Property. 	NQ Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	October 24, 2007
NCO	Nuvolt Corporation Inc. is a Canada-based company manufactures and distributes stray voltage neutralization equipment and electrical network monitoring devices. The Company develops technologies in the field of real-time monitoring and predictive management of electrical failures. Its SmartScan system converts analogue power related data into actionable knowledge and business intelligence (BI), providing operations executives the ability to prevent equipment failures and production downtime thereby reducing mission critical system failures. Nuvolt operates in one segment, being the selling of neutralization equipment of stray voltage and control system of farm electric equipment. The Company serves the agriculture, commercial real estate and industrial markets.The subsidiary of the company includes Agrivolt Inc. The complete suites of Agrivolt products are references in the detection, management and mitigation of leakage current. 	Nuvolt Corp Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	September 30, 2004
NBR	Nubian Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company focus is on precious metals. The Excelsior Springs project consists of granted mining claims covering an area of 3.5 square kilometers, including the historic Buster mine. The Excelsior Spring property located in the Walker?Lane tectonic zone of southern Nevada, hosts a number of gold mines and covers a three kilometer long, 300 meter zone of stock work quartz vein?type gold mineralization hosted by altered limestone and calcareous sediments. The Company owns 22 unpatented claims in a gold project in Gold Point Mining District, Esmeralda County, Nevada. The Company owns 10 unpatented claims in the Socorro County, New Mexico. The Company owns nine unpatented claims in Esmeralda County. 	Nubian Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	46	October 28, 2004
NVX	NV Gold Corporation is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company operates in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties segment. The Company has mineral properties located in the United States and Switzerland. The Company holds interest in the Afgan-Kobeh project, which is located approximately 30 miles northwest of Eureka in Eureka County, Nevada, and consists of over 110 unpatented lode mining claims. Its Rattlesnake Hills property is located in Natrona County, Wyoming, the United States. The Rattlesnake Hills project land package consists of approximately 640 lode mining claims covering approximately 5,235 hectares. Its other projects include Fisher Canyon property and Roberts Gold property. Its subsidiaries include NV Gold Corporation (USA) Inc. and SwissGold Exploration AG. The Company has not generated any revenues from its operations. 	NV Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 23, 2007
NWT	NWT Uranium Corp. is an investment company. The Company's investment objective is to provide its shareholders with long-term capital growth by investing in a diversified portfolio of public companies and commodities. The Company holds investments in other companies. The Company operates in Canada, Mexico, South Africa, Vietnam and Cyprus. The Company focuses on acquiring a portfolio of equity investment assets in Asia. The Company is focused on other properties and companies in Vietnam, including joint ventures with existing companies that own grandfathered properties. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Niketo Co. Ltd. (Niketo), provides services relating to investment activities. 	NWT Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 26, 2003
NWN	NWest Energy Corp. (NWest) is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition, exploration, and advancement of oil and gas properties. NWest Oil & Gas Inc. (Oil & Gas Inc.) is the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	NWest energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 7, 2008
NYX.DB	nul	NYX Gaming Group Ltd	Technology	Software	--	
SFD	NXT Energy Solutions Inc. (NXT) is an airborne geophysical service company utilizing its Stress Field Detection (SFD) technology. The Company provides an aerial survey service to the oil and natural gas exploration and production industry. SFD provides a geophysical indicator which can be used early in the exploration cycle to provide an independent assessment of reservoir potential. The Company's Stress Field Detection (SFD) survey technology is based on detecting subtle changes in earth's gravitational field from an airborne platform. SFD data acquired is analyzed and can be used to find variations in sub-surface geological stress patterns-indicators of potential reservoir and trap formations. The Company's aerial SFD surveys provide a method for clients to focus their decisions related to land commitments and the acquisition of seismic data that is used to locate and delineate exploration prospects. 	NXT Energy Solutions Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	14	October 24, 2003
NYX	NYX Gaming Group Limited (NYX) is a supplier of digital gaming software. The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and distribution of digital gaming solutions for interactive, social and mobile gaming across the world. The Company provides gaming solutions, a distribution platform, gaming process support services, brand and player management, and both Real Money Gaming (RMG) and social gaming products and services. The Company's content platform has around 350 own and around 550 third-party supplied lottery, bingo and casino products. The Company's software platform supports online interactive game play and enables the deployment of software applications for casino, lottery, bingo, poker, mini-games and social games over Web-based, tablet and mobile, and social media applications. The Company's gaming platform includes casino, bingo, lottery and poker products. 	NYX Gaming Group Ltd	Technology	Software	409	March 19, 2010
NYX.WT	nul	NYX Gaming Group Ltd	Technology	Software	--	
OEG	ONEnergy Inc. is a Canada-based energy services company. The Company operates in two segments: Gas & Power and Home Comfort. The Gas & Power segment involves the sale of electricity to residential and commercial customers in Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and Ontario, and natural gas in Ontario only. The Home Comfort segment owns and operates a portfolio of furnaces, air conditioners, boilers and ancillary equipment (HVAC) and water heaters, which are rented to residential customers in Ontario and Alberta, under the Sunwave Home Comfort brand name. In addition, Home Comfort sells, installs and maintains HVAC and water heaters directly to residential customers. The Company also operates a commercial energy efficiency products and services business, under the Sunwave Energy Efficiency brand, which provides LED lighting retrofits and upgrades to commercial customers in Canada and the northeast United States. 	ONEnergy Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	20	January 1, 2006
FEO	Oceanic Iron Ore Corp. (Oceanic) is a Canada-based company, which is in the business of acquiring, exploring, and developing and exploiting natural resource properties. The Company is focused on the development of the Ungava Bay iron property (the Property) in Nunavik, Quebec. The Property comprises three project areas: Hopes Advance, Morgan Lake and Roberts Lake, which cover over 300 kilometers of iron formation and are located within 20 to 50 kilometers of tidewater. Its properties comprise around 3,703 claims over its three project areas, which are located over 1,568 square kilometers along the northern extension of the Labrador Trough in the Nunavik Region of northern Quebec. The Company has a 100% interest, subject to a 2% net smelter returns royalty (NSR) in the Property. It is focused on the development of the Hopes Advance project through a feasibility study and environmental assessment, as well as securing a partner for the Hopes Advance project. 	Oceanic Iron Ore Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	--	March 21, 2011
OCN	Oceanus Resources Corporation (Oceanus) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's property includes La Lajita property. The La Lajita property comprises around 12 mining concessions located in the south-west corner of Durango State, Mexico, along the western flanks of the Sierra Madre Occidental. The gold and silver minerals are found in locations along the northwest trending La Lajita and La Lajita East structures in the La Lajita property. The La Lajita property consists of five zones hosted by the La Lajita fault. From north to south, the zones include the La Esperanza zone, El Tesoro zone, Santo Nino zone, Dos Hermanos zone and La Lajita zone. There are three other zones that are located along a secondary fault, La Lajita East, which include the La Guadalupe zone, Los Ratones zone and the Cerro de Sol zone. 	Oceanus Resources Corporation	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 14, 2010
OOI	Oil Optimization Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the exploration of oil and natural gas properties in Thailand. The Company's principal activities are related to oil and gas exploration on its around one million acre petroleum concession in Thailand. Red Stag Resources (BVI) Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	Oil Optimization Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 2, 2007
OVT	Oculus Visiontech Inc. designs and markets digital watermarking, streaming video and video-on-demand systems, services and source-to-destination digital media delivery solutions that allow live or recorded digitized and compressed video to be transmitted through Internet, intranet satellite or wireless connectivity. The Company's systems, services and delivery solutions include digital watermark solutions and video content production, content encoding, media asset management, media and application hosting, multimode content distribution, transaction data capture and reporting, e-commerce, specialized engineering services, and Internet streaming hardware. Its products include MediaSentinel and SmartMarks, StreamHQ, EncodeHQ, hardware server and encoder system applications offered under the brand name Hurricane Mediacaster, ZMail and mediaClix, a service that delivers content similar to Zmail but originating from an existing Web presence. 	Oculus VisionTech Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	0	March 18, 1986
ODS	ODESIA Group Inc. (ODESIA) is a Canada-based information technology (IT) consulting and solutions company. The Company provides solutions in business intelligence (BI), business process management (BPM) and big data analytics. The clients in the banking, insurance, telco and retail sectors use ODESIA's technologies to design data warehouse, to deploy BI solutions and to train the employees on BI technologies. ODESIA's solutions are used to identify opportunities, reduce operational costs, and democratize access to information. The Company offers consulting services on the technologies, including Informatica, Microstrategy, Systems Applications Products (SAP), BusinessObjects, International Business Machines (IBM) DataStage, Microsoft BI, QlikView, Tableau, ORACLE OBIEE, SAS, Hadoop, R, Mongo DB and OpenCPU. 	Odesia Group Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	January 19, 2005
OMM	nul	Omineca Mining and Metals Ltd			--	
OLV	Olivut Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties for the purpose of mining diamonds and other precious and base minerals. The Company has interest in the HOAM Project located in the Mackenzie region, Northwest Territories, Canada. The project has approximately 30 kimberlite discoveries. The HOAM Project area covers part of the interior plains region south of Great Bear Lake in the southwestern part of the Northwest Territories. The HOAM Project Area lies within three traditional aboriginal settlement regions of the Northwest Territories: the Sahtu in the north, the North Slave in the east and the Deh Cho in the center and south. 	Olivut Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 23, 2000
OML	Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (Omni-Lite) is a Canada-based research and development company. The Company is engaged in the manufacture of precision components forged from composite and other alloyed materials. The Company operates four business segments defined as the Military, Aerospace, Specialty Automotive, and Sports and Recreation divisions. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries which include Omni-Lite Industries International Inc., Omni-Lite Industries California Inc., Formed Fast International Inc. and Omni-Lite Properties Inc., the Company designs, engineers, manufactures and markets specialized components to a range of Fortune 500 customers. Its components are utilized in the products of Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, the United States Military, Chrysler, Ford, Nike and adidas. The Company offers ceramic track spikes. 	Omni Lite Industries Canada Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	--	September 15, 1997
ODN	Odin Mining and Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resources in Ecuador. The Company holds, through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, an interest in the Greater Cangrejos project, which is located in the foothills of the Andes in the southwest of Ecuador. The project consists of five consolidated mineral titles (or concessions) covering a total area of 5,594 hectares. The project has potential for the discovery of both high-tonnage, low-grade, gold-copper mineralization in a porphyry environment and of lower-tonnage, higher-grade, gold mineralization in structurally focused settings above and peripheral to the porphyry mineralization. 	Odin Mining and Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	March 22, 1988
OSS	OneSoft Solutions Inc. is a Canada-based developer of cloud-based business solutions. The Company conducts its operations through its wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries, OneCloudCo Limited (OCC), CloudCo Solutions Inc. (CCS) and OneBridge Solutions Inc. OCC provides financial software solutions on a subscription, services only basis to not-for-profit organizations and government agencies from computing servers located remotely from its customers. This is characterized as Cloud computing services. OCC is aligned closely with Microsoft Corporation to promote Cloud services in the marketplace. CCS provides software development services for OCC. OneBridge Solutions Inc. offers the Bridge spatial data infrastructure (SDI) systems, which integrate and analyze data from data sources and provide industry operators with information about their pipelines for infrastructure management and to identify threats to a pipeline's integrity. 	OneSoft Solutions Inc	Technology	Software	--	September 6, 1996
ON	OneRoof Energy Group, Inc. is a Canada-based solar services provider. The Company offers homeowners solar solutions, including financing, system design and installation, project management, and system monitoring and maintenance. Through the use of solar sales and design software it help homeowners find a financing option that is suited to their lifestyle and budget, including zero-down lease and power purchase agreement (PPA) options. It originate homeowner contracts to finance install maintain and monitor the production of solar systems on residential rooftops. 	OneRoof Energy Group Inc	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	--	September 2, 2010
OPS	Opsens Inc. (Opsens) is a Canada-based company which operates in the interventional cardiology, and the industrial, oil and gas markets. In the interventional cardiology market, Opsens offers an optical-based pressure guidewire (OptoWire). Opsens operates through two segments: Opsens Inc., which is engaged in developing, producing and supplying fiber optic sensors, and Opsens Solutions Inc., which is engaged in the commercialization and installation of optical and conventional sensors for the oil and gas industry. Opsens also offers the OptoMonitor, a monitor that can be connected directly to cath lab hemodynamic system that offers fractional flow reserve (FFR) module to display directly on the cath lab monitor. Opsens develops, manufactures and installs fiber optic sensing solutions for various applications, such as the monitoring of oil wells. Opsens' optical-based sensors measure temperature and pressure in oil wells that use steam assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) technology. 	Opsens Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	February 28, 2006
OEC	Oracle Energy Corp. is a Canada-based international oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company is in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating oil and gas properties and developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company is focused on development of Nigeria's oil and gas resources. It is focused on obtaining producing and development concessions in the prolific West African basins. The Company has relationships with a number of oil and gas indigenous partners in Nigeria. 	Oracle Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 2, 1985
OPW	Opawica Explorations Inc. is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Canada for hosting gold and base metal deposits. The Company owns interest in the mineral resource properties in Ontario and Yukon Territory, Canada. The Company's TKL Teck Property has approximately four patented mineral claims located near Kirkland Lake in northeastern Ontario. The Company's Yukon Bro Property is a sulfide, silver, lead, zinc property with exploration potential for gold and copper, which is located approximately 120 kilometers southeast of Faro, Yukon Territory. The Company holds interest in approximately 50 mineral claims located near Kirkland Lake in northeastern Ontario, collectively known as the Teck-Kirkland Property. 	Opawica Explorations Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	September 29, 2006
ORC.B	Orca Exploration Group Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the hydrocarbon exploration, development and supply of gas in Tanzania and oil appraisal and gas exploration in Italy. The Company operates in the segment of international exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas. The Company has producing and exploration assets in Tanzania and has exploration and appraisal interests in Italy. The Company's principal operating asset is its interest in a Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) with the Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation (TPDC) and the Government of Tanzania in the United Republic of Tanzania. This PSA covers the production and marketing of certain gas from the Songo Songo Block offshore Tanzania. Under the PSA, the Company has the right to produce and market all gas in the Songo Songo Block in excess of the Protected Gas requirements. It supplies an industrial gas market in the Dar es Salaam area consisting of industrial customers. 	Orca Exploration Group Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	94	April 28, 2004
ORC.A	Orca Exploration Group Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the hydrocarbon exploration, development and supply of gas in Tanzania and oil appraisal and gas exploration in Italy. The Company operates in the segment of international exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas. The Company has producing and exploration assets in Tanzania and has exploration and appraisal interests in Italy. The Company's principal operating asset is its interest in a Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) with the Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation (TPDC) and the Government of Tanzania in the United Republic of Tanzania. This PSA covers the production and marketing of certain gas from the Songo Songo Block offshore Tanzania. Under the PSA, the Company has the right to produce and market all gas in the Songo Songo Block in excess of the Protected Gas requirements. It supplies an industrial gas market in the Dar es Salaam area consisting of industrial customers. 	Orca Exploration Group Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	94	April 28, 2004
ORG	Orca Gold Inc. (Orca) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. Orca is a resource company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Africa. Its exploration focus is on the Arabian Nubian Shield in the north of Sudan, where it holds the Block 14 prospecting license. This property is located close to the Egyptian border, 700 kilometer north of Khartoum and 300 kilometer west of the Red Sea. Block 14's total area is 7,046 square kilometers. In Block 14, the Company is focused on the Galat Sufar South (GSS) prospect, where the Company has identified three mineralized zones: the Main Zone, the Eastern Zone and the Far East Zone. Drilling has identified several other prospects in Block 14, including Mussieye, Area 3, Area 3 West and Galat Azurag. 	Orca Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	4	January 13, 1987
ORX	Orefinders Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets in Canada. The Company is focused on gold exploration in Canada's gold mining camps, with gold projects located in the Kirkland Lake and Red Lake gold districts. The Company's projects include Mirado-Kirkland Lake Property and Derlak Red Lake Project. The Mirado-Kirkland Lake property is a wholly owned property of the Company. It is located in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. The Mirado-Kirkland Lake property consists of around 12 claims (432 acres) located in McElroy and Catharine Townships. The Derlak Red Lake Property is located in Ontario and consists of around 11mining claims. 	Orefinders Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 26, 2011
ORS	Orestone Mining Corp. (Orestone) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company engaged in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company is focused on gold and copper/gold projects in the Quesnel Terrane of British Columbia and in Sonora State, Mexico. The 700 hectare Estrella de Oro gold exploration property is located in Sonora State, Mexico approximately 200 kilometers southeast of the city of Hermosillo. The Captain property is situated in central British Columbia approximately 150 kilometers north of the City of Prince George. The Company has 75 line kilometers of geophysics and 58 drill sites approved on the Captain Project. The Company holds a 51% interest in the Todd Creek property, which consists of approximately 12,222 hectares of mineral claims. The Todd Creek property is located in northwest British Columbia, approximately 35 kilometers northeast of the town of Stewart. 	Orestone Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 30, 2007
OAG	nul	Oremex Silver Inc			--	
REX	Orex Minerals Inc. is engaged primarily in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company's projects include Barsele (Sweden), Coneto (Mexico), Los Crestones (Mexico) and Jumping Josephine (Canada). The Company holds interests in the Coneto silver-gold mining camp, which is located in the Mesa Central on the eastern flank of the Sierra Madre Occidental Mountains. The Coneto mining camp covers an area of around 16,346 hectares. The Barsele Property is located around 40 kilometers southeast of the town of Storuman in Vasterbottens Lan. The Los Crestones Property in Sinaloa State of western Mexico is an early stage gold-silver-copper property located in the gold silver belt of the Sierra Madre Occidental of Sinaloa State. The Los Crestones property totals an area of around 4,168 hectares. The Jumping Josephine Property is an exploration property, which covers an area of around 11,200 hectares in the West Kootenay region of Southeastern British Columbia. 	Orex Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	April 25, 1996
OX	Orex Exploration Inc. (Orex) is a Canada-based junior gold exploration company. The Company is engaged in the process of exploring mineral properties. Orex Exploration owns 100% of the Goldboro Gold Project in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia. Goldboro was one of Canadas first gold mines, having produced close to 55,000 ounces of gold. Goldboro consists of 37 contiguous claims (600 hectares, or 6 square kilometres), located along the northeastern shore of Nova Scotia, approximately 185 kilometres northeast of Halifax. The property is accessible by a 2.5 kilometer gravel road from the paved, all-weather Highway 316, which links the village of Goldboro to the town of Antigonish. 	Orex Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 18, 1995
OGI	OrganiGram Holdings Inc., formerly Inform Exploration Corp., is a Canada-based company, which operates through its subsidiary Organigram Inc. Organigram Inc. is a licensed medical marijuana producer as regulated by Health Canada under the Marihuana Medical Access Regulations (MMAR) of the Government of Canada. 	OrganiGram Holdings Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	July 5, 2010
ORE	Orezone Gold Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of gold properties in Burkina Faso, West Africa. The Company has two advanced-stage gold projects, which include Bombore and Bondi, which are located in Burkina Faso. The Company owns a 100% interest in Bombore, the undeveloped oxide gold deposit in West Africa. The Company's Bombore is situated approximately 85 kilometers east of the capital city, Ouagadougou. The company's Bondi gold project is a 100% owned, shallow and structurally controlled, four kilometers long shear zone hosted gold deposit that contains 282,000 ounce (oz) of measured and indicated gold resources. The Company's Bondi Project is located on the Hounde Greenstone Belt in the southwest of Burkina Faso covering an area of approximately 168 square kilometers. 	Orezone Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	75	December 1, 2008
OLA	Orla Mining Ltd. (Orla Mining), formerly Red Mile Minerals Corp., is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's properties include Blue Quart, Dorset gold property (Dorset Property) and Esker Property. The Blue Quart property is located approximately 12 kilometers north-northeast of Matheson, 73 kilometers east-northeast of Timmins and 56 kilometers northwest of Kirkland Lake, all located in the Province of Ontario. The Property consists of approximately 25 mining claims, all with surveyed boundaries, located in Beatty Township, Ontario. The Company's Dorset Property is located in northern Newfoundland, Canada. The Company owns100% interests in approximately 1,100 hectare Esker Property located west of the town of Pickle Lake in northwestern Ontario. 	Orla Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 31, 2007
OLE.P	Orletto Capital Inc. is a Canada-based Capital Pool Company. The Companys sole business is to identify, evaluate and negotiate an acquisition or participation in a business or an asset, subject to receipt of Shareholder approval and acceptance by regulatory authorities (the Qualifying Transaction). There is no assurance that the Company will identify a business or asset that warrants acquisition or participation. 	Orletto Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 18, 2013
OGO	Organto Foods Incorporated, formerly Columbus Silver Corporation, is a Canada-based exploration Company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company focuses on silver projects. The Companys resource properties are located in the United States. The Company entered into an agreement with Santa Fe Gold Corporation (Santa Fe) to earn 100% interest in the Mogollon property. The Mogollon district is located approximately 120 kilometers northwest of Silver City in southwest New Mexico. The Companys Silver Dome property is located approximately 72 kilometers northwest of Delta, Utah along the western margin of the Fish Springs Mountains. The Clanton Hills property is located approximately 110 kilometers west of Phoenix, Arizona. The Silver District property is located in Arizona, United States. 	Organto Foods Incorporated	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
OCO	Oroco Resource Corp. (Oroco) is an exploration-stage company engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral resource properties in Mexico. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Minera Xochipala S.A. de C.A. (Minera Xochipala) and 0973496 B.C. Ltd. Minera Xochipala is used to hold the Companys Mexican mining concessions and to conduct business in Mexico. The Company holds 100% of 0973496 B.C. Ltd. 0973496 B.C. Ltd. holds 98% in Minera Xochipala, with the remaining 2% of Minera Xochipala being held directly by the Company. The Companys assets include Xochipala Property, Guerrero State, Mexico and Salvador Property, Guerrero State, Mexico. As of August 31, 2013, the Company has not generated any revenues. 	Oroco Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 7, 2006
ORR	Orofino Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Companys operations consist of acquisition, maintenance and exploration of mining properties. 	Orofino Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 9, 2008
ONV	Oronova Resource Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company's principal business activities include the exploration of minerals in its mineral properties. The Company's mineral properties include Spray Lake mineral claim. The Spray Lake mineral claim is located in the Lillooett Mining Division of British Columbia, Canada. 	Oronova Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
OOO	Otis Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Companys operating properties include Kilgore Project, which comprises 232 federal mining claims and covers approximately 5,130 acres in southeastern Idaho. It has a resource of 520,000 ounces of drill-indicated gold (27.3 million tons at 0.59 grams per ton (gpt) Au, 0.24 gpt Au) and 300,000 ounces of inferred gold (20.2 million tons at 0.46 gpt Au, 0.24 gpt Au); The Oakley Gold Project, which consists of 107 federal lode mining claims is a host to 235,000 contained ounces of gold; the Hai Property, which comprises seven lode claims covering gold workings known as the Little Chief Extension in the Lemhi Counties of Idaho and the Goldbug Project, which is situated approximately three miles from the Hai property, comprises nine lode claims. 	Otis Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 24, 2007
OBN	Otterburn Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resources in Canada. The Company operates through the mineral property explorations in Canada segment. The Company holds interest in various claim groups covering approximately 5,090 hectares called the Adams Plateau Property. The Adams Plateau Property is located approximately 80 kilometers northeast of Kamloops in south central British Columbia. The Adams Plateau Property consists of a staircase shaped block of ground, which is approximately 10 kilometers in length and approximately four kilometers in width, covering parts of the east shore and majority of the upland area to the east of Adams Lake. 	Otterburn Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 22, 2010
OY	Oyster Oil and Gas Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas interests in Africa. The Company operates four assets in the Republic of Djibouti project, of which three blocks are located onshore and one block offshore, and holds a non-operated working interest in an onshore block in the Republic of Madagascar. The Republic of Djibouti project is located in the Horn of Africa. The Republic of Djibouti project is at an early stage in terms of exploration activities for hydrocarbons. The Company's subsidiaries include Oyster Oil & Gas Limited, Oyster Oil and Gas Djibouti SARL, Oyster Madagascar Limited and Oyster Oil & Gas Burundi. 	Oyster Oil and Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 22, 2012
PBS	Pacgen Life Science Corporation (Pacgen) is a Canada-based life science technology company. The Company is focused on the commercialization of biomedical products and services. The Company has a license to develop and commercialize a novel antifungal called PAC-113. The Company's PAC-113 is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide. The Company, through General Biologicals Corporation (GBC), offers non-prescription over-the-counter (OTC) products containing PAC-113 in Taiwan, including cosmetic skin-care products, oral hygiene products and intimate hygiene products. The Company's PAC-113, which is an anti-fungal for the treatment of oral Candidiasis infections, completed a Phase IIb clinical program. Its products include Fit X1 Series, Electronic Pipettes and A+ Pipette Controller. Its Fit X1 401 is an automated pipetting system. Pacgen's A+ Pipette Controller is an electronic pipette controller for use with graduated and volumetric glass and plastic pipettes. 	Pacgen Life Science Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	10	April 23, 2004
PBM	Pacific Bay Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's business activity is the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of uranium, precious and base metal mineral properties in Argentina and Canada. The Company's properties include Haskins-Reed Property, Lode Gold Property and Boulder Property in British Columbia; Otish Mountains in Quebec; Regalo Property in Argentina, and July Property. The Haskins-Reed Property is a zinc, silver, lead, copper and bismuth prospect with multiple mineralized zones outlined with 200 drill holes. The Lode Gold Property, in the New Westminster Mining Division, hosts a quartz stock-work style hydrothermal gold prospect. The Boulder Gold Property is located in the Skeena Mining Division. The Otish Mountains is a number of mineral claims for uranium exploration in the Matoush area of the Otish Mountain district. The Regalo Property and the July Property are uranium prospects. 	Pacific Bay Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	December 16, 1983
PAV	Pacific Arc Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. It focuses on exploring the Seignelay and Hematite Lake iron ore properties located in Quebec, Canada. The Company's Seignelay Property is located in the regional municipalities of Seignelay, Lauzon Hiche, Chaumont and Frigon Townships and consists of 266 claims, including approximately 12,821 hectares. Its iron mineralization consists of medium to coarse-grained, quartz specularite unit with variable amounts of magnetite. The Hematite Lake property has eight noncontiguous claims and comprises approximately 366 hectares. This property is contained within the Red Pine Lake Project. The Company owns around 100% interest in the Seignelay and Hematite Lake properties. 	Pacific Arc Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	--	March 20, 2007
PPM	nul	Pacific Imperial Mines Inc			--	
PFN	Pacific North West Capital Corp. (PFN) is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of platinum group metals (PGMs), precious and base metals properties. The Company's key asset is its River Valley PGM Project, which is located in the Dana and Pardo townships of Northern Ontario, approximately 60 kilometers east of Sudbury, Ontario. PFN is focused on PGM and nickel-copper sulfide deposits in North America, particularly Canada. The River Valley project is under two mining leases, which covers an area of approximately 5,381.1 hectares, including around 4,756.2 hectares of surface and mining rights and an additional over 624.9 hectares of mining rights. The mining leases cover all of the NI43-101 mineral resources of the River Valley PGM Project. PFN also owns interests in Pacific North West Capital Corp. USA in the United States, and Pacific North West Capital de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. in Mexico. 	Pacific North West Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	May 29, 1996
PPE	Pacific Paradym Energy Inc. (Pacific Paradym) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties located in North America. Pacific Paradym holds a 25% interest in Strategic Oil & Gas Ltd.'s (SOG) interest in the lands, including the petroleum and natural gas rights associated with the title documents, the wells, pipelines and facilities (the Assets) located in the Taber area of Alberta. Pacific Paradym also holds an approximate 40% working and net interest in lands with offsetting Bakken oil production in the Sinclair field in Manitoba. 	Pacific Paradym Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 25, 1981
PP	Pacific Potash Corporation is a Canada-based exploration stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of the Amazonas Potash Project and the surrounding potash claims targeting the Middle Amazonas Potash Basin. Its operating projects include Amazonas Potash Project and Provost Potash Property. The Amazonas Potash Project is the Companys flagship project, located in Brazils Amazonas Potash Basin, which has 90 exploration licenses in three contiguous blocks that cover 795,824 hectares. Its mineralization includes potassium chloride over 1.82 meters at 843.08 depths. The Company operates the Provost Potash property through its subsidiary, Pacific Potash Corporation (PCPL). The Provost property consists of two metallic and industrial minerals (MAIM) permits covering an area of approximately 17,781 Hectares. The Company also holds interest, along with Grizzly Discoveries Inc. in 185,000 hectares of MAIM permit surrounding the Provost Property. 	Pacific Potash Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	April 18, 2006
BKM	Pacific Booker Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based natural resource exploration company. The Company is in the advanced-stage of development of the Morrison deposit, a porphyry copper or gold or molybdenum ore body, located 35 kilometers north of Granisle, British Columbia and situated within the Babine Lake Porphyry Copper Belt. The Company is proposing an open-pit mining and milling operation for the production of copper or gold or silver concentrate and molybdenum concentrate. 	Pacific Booker Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	February 18, 1983
POC	Pacific Iron Ore Corporation is in the process of exploring its mineral properties. The Company's primary focus is on exploring and developing one of its British Columbia properties in the Port Renfrew Block and one of its properties located in Ontario (The St Anthony's Project). The Company has an interest in the Pearson Project located in the Port Renfrew block. The Company also has 10 mineral enriched clay claims of approximately 15,860 hectares in the Port Renfrew Block. The Company's St Anthony's Project comprises approximately 3,392 hectares (40 mining claims and 14 leases). The St. Anthony mine located along the eastern shore of the north arm of Sturgeon Lake within the Sturgeon Lake Greenstone Belt. In Ontario, the Company holds a 100% interest in a number of mineral claims and leases, which are grouped into six properties. These Ontario based claims are located in the Kenora Mining Division and the Patricia Mining Division. 	Pacific Iron Ore Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 8, 2008
PEX	Pacific Ridge Exploration Ltd. (Pacific Ridge) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of minerals. Its projects include Mariposa property, King Solomon and Fyre Lake Massive Sulphide Project. The Companys Mariposa property is located towards the southeast of Dawson City, Yukon. The project is 40 kilometers southeast of the Underworld/Kinross White Gold discovery and towards the east-northeast of Kaminaks Coffee property. The Mariposa property holds both gold and copper deposits. The property consists of approximately 331 claims (6,700 hectares) located in the heart of the Klondike Gold District. The Companys Fyre Lake copper-gold-cobalt massive sulphide project is located in the Yukons Finlayson Lake District. The Fyre Lake copper-cobalt-gold project is located in the Yukon's Finlayson Lake Camp, towards the east of Whitehorse in southeastern Yukon Territory. The project covers over nine kilometers of host rocks. 	Pacific Ridge Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	February 21, 1979
PSP	Pacific Safety Products Inc. (PSP) is engaged in the design, production and sale of protective and duty products for law enforcement, security and defense markets. The Company operates in segments: Canadian operations and U.S. operations. It operates in Canada through PSP operation based in Arnprior, Ontario, and in the United States through its subsidiary, Sentry Armor Systems Inc., located in Dover, Tennessee. PSP is a soft body armor manufacturer and also produces tactical clothing. The Company's products include NIJ.06 Armour, which includes Helix, LiteX and ProX; tactical armour, which includes Atlas, Quad, 2140 and tactical accessories; active shooter response kit; military, and corrections, which includes TalonX and Talon. In addition, its products also include tactical clothing; protective blankets, which includes breach blankets, Explosafe and ballistic equipment liners; unloading stations, and accessories, which includes pockets and badging, and tactical accessories. 	Pacific Safety Products Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	120	December 31, 2010
PGZ	Pan Global Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company's principal business activities are the acquisition of rights to explore for minerals and the exploration of acquired rights. The Company's unproven mineral interests are located in the Republic of Serbia and Republic of Bosnia. The Company explores for borates and lithium in the Vardar zone in Serbia and Bosnia. The Company's principal project is the Balkans Project. 	Pan Global Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 1, 2006
PGS	Paget Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company engaged in the identification, acquisition, evaluation, exploration and advancement of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company is focused on the advancement of its Ball Creek Project in British Columbia, Canada. The Company owns a 100% undivided interest in the Ball Creek Gold-Copper property located in northwestern British Columbia. The Ball Creek claim block encompasses nine gold-copper porphyry and gold-silver epithermal targets. 	Paget Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 19, 2006
POE	Pan Orient Energy Corp. is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of petroleum and natural gas. The Company focuses on two primary areas which includes exploration and development in Asia, principally in Thailand and Indonesia, and heavy oilsands exploration in Northern Alberta. The Companys principal properties are divided into three groups which includes partially developed concessions located onshore Thailand, undeveloped production sharing contracts onshore and offshore Indonesia and undeveloped oilsands leases in northern Alberta. The Companys subsidiaries include Andora Energy Corporation, Pan Orient Petroleum Company Pte. Ltd., Pan Orient Energy Holdings Ltd., among others. 	Pan Orient Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	88	
PAN	Pangolin Diamonds Corp., formerly Key Gold Holding Inc., is a diamond exploration and development company. The Company owns 100 % interest in Tsabong North project, Jwaneng South, Lorolwane project, Malatswae project and Mmadinare project. The Companys Tsabong North Project is 2,079.3 square kilometers in size, consists of anomalous concentrations of kimberlite indicators. The Jwaneng South Project is 799.4 kilometers in size and is situated 50 kilometers south of the Jwaneng Mine. The Mmadinare Project is 1,345.6 square kilometers in size. The Eleven Prospecting Licenses cover 5,307 square kilometers. On March 4, 2013, Key Gold Holding Inc. announced business combination with Pangolin Diamonds Corp. to create the new amalgamated company Pangolin Diamonds Corp. 	Pangolin Diamonds Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 1, 2013
PPA	Panorama Petroleum Inc., formerly Azure Resources Corporation, is an exploration stage, Canada-based resource Company with overseas locations in Turkey and Pakistan. The Company business focuses on the international oil and gas exploration, development and production sector. The Company is in the process of acquiring and exploring natural resource properties. The Company depends on its ability to finance its operations and exploration programs through financing activities that may include issuances of additional debt or equity securities. In December, 2010, Arctic Petroleum Ltd. entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with Merty Energy Petroleum Exploration, Education and Services Inc. pursuant to which Arctic, which has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, can acquire a 50% participating interest and joint operatorship of Merty Energys 90% interest in the Catalca Licence located in the Thrace basin, Turkey, for a net 45% participating interest in the Catalca License. 	Panorama Petroleum Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	572	September 18, 1984
PA	nul	Palamina Corp			--	
PML	Panoro Minerals Ltd. (Panoro) is a mineral exploration company. The Company acquires, explores and develops natural resource properties in Peru. It owns a portfolio of 14 mineral properties in Peru of which two, the Cotabambas Copper/Gold/Silver Project and Antilla Copper/Molybdenum Project, are at an advanced-stage of exploration. The Cotabambas Copper/Gold/Silver Project is located west of the town of Cotabambas, in the District of Cotabambas. The Antilla Copper/Molybdenum Project is located in the Department of Apurimac, Peru. Its properties also include El Rosal property, a 100% owned property located in the Province of Chiclayo, Peru; Cochasayhuas Project, a 5,836 hectare property located around 20 kilometers west of Xstrata Copper's Las Bambas project; Alicia Project, an early-stage property in Southern Peru; Promesa Project, consisting of three concessions covering 3,000 hectares, and Anyo Project, consisting of four concessions located in the south central region of Peru. 	Panoro Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	
PVX	Pantheon Ventures Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company's objective is to locate and develop economic mineral properties. The Company has an option on the Kokoko Property, an exploration-stage property. 	Pantheon Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 28, 2006
PSV	Palisades Ventures Inc., formerly Uranium Standard Resources Ltd., is an exploration-stage company. The principal business activity of the Company is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties located in Canada. The Company's projects include Whitford Lake Project, Bernick Lake Property, Wheeler Lake Project and Marquez property. The Whitford Lake Project covers an area of approximately 70 hectares, which is located approximately 20 kilometers southeast of the Cigar Mine on the eastern edge of the Athabasca Basin. The Bernick Lake Property lies approximately 11.6 kilometers southeast of the Cigar Mine and covers an area of approximately 1,800 hectares. The Wheeler Lake Project consists of approximately 2,680 hectares, along the southern margin of the Athabasca Basin, approximately 20 kilometers west of the Key Lake Mine, an open pit operation. The Marquez property consists of approximately 14,580 acres (approximately 5,900 hectares), which is located in New Mexico. 	Palisades Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 2007
PBR	Para Resources Inc. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing properties in South America. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties segment. The Company holds interests in the Tucuma gold project. The Tucuma gold project is a gold and copper/gold exploration project, which consists of approximately six mineral concessions covering a total of approximately 11,460 hectares. The Tucuma project is located approximately 20 kilometers from the town of Tucuma, Para State, Brazil in the Carajas Greenstone belt. The Company also holds interests in the Cumaru-Gradaus Gold Project and the Colombia Milling Project. The Colombia Milling Project includes certain mineral licenses in North Columbia, which includes the El Limon mine. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Para Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 13, 2010
PAL	Parallel Mining Corp is a Canada-based company engaged in the mineral exploration business. The Company is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration, development and exploitation of base and precious metal properties. The Company holds two properties; the Kains Lake property and the Nexkin property, both located in British Columbia. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Kains Lake property. The Kains Lake property consists of eight claims covering 1,657.3 hectares, and is located approximately 20 kilometers due west of Port Hardy, at the north end of Vancouver Island, B.C., Canada. The Nexkin Property is situated in the Vanderhoof Mining Division of British Columbia. 	Parallel Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 18, 2007
PPP	Parlane Resource Corp. is a junior exploration company focused on identifying and developing early-stage gold properties. The Companys properties include Big Bear Project. The Big Bear Project is located in the Nechako Plateau's prolific Omineca Mining District consisting of 31 claims covering approximately 14,366 hectares. The access for the project is through maintained Forestry Service Roads (FSR) roughly 100 kilometer Southwest of Vanderhoof, British Columbia. The Nechako Plateau is located within the Stikine Terrain which underwent regional uplifting that exposed a horst of Jurassic and Cretaceous volcanics and intrusives surrounded by Tertiary and younger volcanics and volcaniclastics. 	Parlane Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 1, 2007
PJT	nul	Partner Jet Corp			--	
PVF	Partners Value Investments Inc, formerly Partners Value Fund, Inc., is an investment holding company. The Company's principal investment is a direct and indirect ownership interest in approximately 55 million Class A Limited Voting Shares (Class A Shares) of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (Brookfield). The Companys objective is to provide its common shareholders with capital appreciation as opposed to income returns. Investment income, which includes dividends from its investment in Brookfield Class A Shares, as well as its other securities portfolio, is dedicated to paying dividends on its financing obligations. The Companys investment in Brookfield is owned directly and indirectly through Partners Value Split Corp. (Partners Value Split). 	Partners Value Investments Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	September 1, 2009
PHM	Patient Home Monitoring Corp. is engaged in providing services to patients in home monitoring and chronic disease management, as well as acquiring other companies operating in the United States healthcare service and product sectors. The Companys subsidiaries include PHM Home Monitoring Corp., Stancap Holdings I Limited, Healthcare Logistics Corporation, Patient Home Monitoring, Inc., Hollywood Healthcare Corporation, Resource Health Investors, Inc., Resource Medical Group, LLC, Resource Health Investors Charleston, Inc., Resource Medical Group Charleston, LLC, Care Medical Partners, LLC, Care Medical of Athens, Inc., Care Medical Atlanta, LLC, PHM Health Management, Care Medical of Augusta, LLC, Care Medical of Gainsville, LLC, Care Medical Savannah, LLC and PHM DME Healthcare, Inc. 	Patient Home Monitoring Corp	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	March 5, 1993
PHM.DB	nul	Patient Home Monitoring Corp	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
PPC	nul	Patriot Petroleum Corp			--	
PRH	nul	Pearl River Holdings Ltd			--	
PKT	Parkit Enterprise Inc. is an alternative real estate investment company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, optimization, and asset management of income-producing parking facilities across the United States. The Company has equity interests in two joint venture entities. The Company's investment portfolio includes Canopy Airport Parking facility and Expresso Airport Parking servicing the Oakland Airport in California. Canopy Airport Parking offers 4,200 stalls of indoor valet, canopy-style covered and open surface parking. Canopy Airport Parking's 14 biodiesel and compressed natural gas (CNG) shuttle buses offer around the clock service between Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and Canopy's Tower Road location. Expresso Airport Parking is located on Doolittle Drive in San Leandro, California and serves Oakland International Airport. Expresso Airport Parking has capacity of 2,400 parking spaces comprised of valet, covered and outdoor parking. 	Parkit Enterprise Inc	Industrials	Highways & Railtracks	--	December 6, 2006
PLC	Park Lawn Corporation provides goods and services associated with the disposition and memorialization of human remains. The Company's products and services are sold to people on a pre-planned basis or at the time of a death. It owns and operates six cemeteries in the Greater Toronto Area and operates the crematorium at the Brampton Crematorium and Visitation Centre. It owns certain investment properties through its subsidiaries Park Lawn Management Services Inc.; Forest Lawn Investments Inc.; Park Lawn Limited Partnership; Amety Ltd., which operates Tubman Funeral Homes in Ottawa and Western Quebec.; Parkland Ltd. and Services Memorables Harmonia Inc., which operates in Quebec City, Laval, Saint-Apollinaire, Montreal and the Beauce Region under license. Its primary services and products include sale of lots, cremation lots and niches; sale of markers and monument for lots; sale of crypts in mausoleums and related accessories, and funeral, interment services and cremation services. 	Park Lawn Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	124	October 15, 2010
PET	Peat Resources Limited is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company focuses on peat resource development in eastern Canada. The Company's operations involve resource evaluation and maintenance on its properties in Newfoundland and project development in Quebec. The Company has identified around 200 million tons of in situ fuel-grade peat in Northwestern Ontario. Peat is a biomass used in electricity generating stations and other facilities. The Company holds land-use permits issued by Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources on around 19,000 hectares of peat lands in the Upsala area of northwestern Ontario, around 130 kilometers northwest of Thunder Bay. In Newfoundland, the Company has held rights to approximately 130,000 hectares of peat lands located in different regions of Newfoundland. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Peat Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	--	July 30, 2008
PDP	Pediapharm Inc. is a Canada-based specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company distributes prescription medicines that are used to treat pathological conditions that mainly affect children from infancy to 18 years of age. Its portfolio of products include NYDA, which is indicated for the treatment of head lice; EpiCeram, a skin barrier repair emulsion; Kool Effect Patch, a patch with a hydrogel layer that locally reduces the skin temperature; Vapolyptus Patch, which is designed to help children breathe better during bedtime; Cesinex, a tannic acid-based medical food for the treatment of diarrheal diseases, and Easyhaler portfolio of products. The Company also commercializes non-prescription products (non-prescription drugs, medical devices, diagnostic products). It does not produce, manufacture or develop products, but rather licenses finished products and sells them. Pediapharm Licensing Inc. is its wholly owned subsidiary, which holds a drug establishment license by Health Canada. 	Pediapharm Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	December 10, 2013
GEM	Pele Mountain Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in acquiring mineral resource properties in Canada and to carry out mineral exploration and development activities thereon in search of economic deposits of metals and minerals and has focused its activities in Northern Ontario. It holds a portfolio of mineral properties and is focused on the development of its Eco Ridge Mine Rare Earth and Uranium Project in Elliot Lake. The Highland Project is located about 100 kilometers southeast of Hemlo in northern Ontario. The Ardeen Project is located within Moss Township in the district of Thunder Bay, Ontario. The Sudbury Project is located about 40 kilometers northwest of the City of Greater Sudbury, Ontario. The Timmins Project is located about 35 kilometers south of Timmins in northern Ontario. The Pigeon River Project is located in the Pigeon River area of Northwest Ontario, about 80 kilometers to the west of Thunder Bay. 	Pele Mountain Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
PX	Pelangio Exploration Inc. (Pelangio) is a Canada-based junior gold exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of mineral property interests in Canada, Ghana and Africa. The Company's properties in Ghana include Manfo, Obuasi and Akroma. Pelangio holds a 100% interest in the Manfo Property. The Obuasi property consists of the Kyereboso 2, Kyereboso 3 and Meduma concessions totaling 264 square kilometers. The Akroma Property is an early stage exploration property. The Company's Canadian Properties include the Birch Lake Property and the Poirier Gold Property, both of which are located in Ontario, Canada. The Company owns 100% of the Birch Lake Property, which comprises 37 contiguous unpatented mining claims (4,440 acres), located in the Keigat Lake area, approximately 120 kilometers northeast of Red Lake, Ontario. It owns 100% of the leased Poirier Gold Property (117 acres) located in Bristol Township, 22 kilometers west of Timmins. 	Pelangio Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 25, 2009
PTF	nul	Pender Growth Fund VCC Inc			--	
PNN	Pennine Petroleum Corporation (Pennine) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties in Western Canada. The Success area is located near Swift Current, Saskatchewan. Pennine is a 50% working interest holder in 320 gross acres of petroleum and natural gas rights in the Success area. Pennine is the operator and 47 % working interest owner of two heavy oil wells on Chauvin South East Central Area 160 acre property, located approximately 240 kilometers southeast of Edmonton, Alberta. The Youngstown property contains two producing natural gas wells and five shut-in natural gas wells in the Youngstown area of east central Alberta. The principal producing zones are the Belly River, Milk River and Mannville formations. Pennine has a 50% working interest in one section of petroleum and natural gas rights in the property located near Castor, Alberta. 	Pennine Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	September 18, 2001
PEO	People Corporation is a Canada-based employee benefit, pension and human resource (HR) consulting firm. The Company offers benefit, pension and human resource solutions to its clients. The Company delivers employee group benefit consulting, third party benefits administration, group retirement consulting, strategic human resource consulting and recruitment services. Its services include career transition and career management, employee benefits consulting, executive search, group retirement solutions, HR consulting services, integrated solutions, my preferred benefits, recruitment, student benefits, third-party administration and wellness. The Company operates through approximately 28 offices and satellite offices in seven provinces. 	People Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	400	
WAV	Pepcap Resources Inc, formerly Pepcap Ventures Inc, is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had not commenced any business. As of December 31, 2011, it had not generated any revenues. 	Pepcap Resources Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 31, 2012
PSC.P	Percy Street Capital Corp, located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, is a capital pool company. It was founded on June 18, 2014. 	Percy Street Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	June 18, 2014
PCI	Perlite Canada Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in manufacturing, distributing and selling of perlite and vermiculite, ores used in horticultural and industrial sectors. Perlite is a natural volcanic silicate used in industry, horticulture and construction sectors. Vermiculite is the mineralogical name given to hydrated magnesium iron aluminum silicate hydroxide, which is used in the construction, industrial and horticultural sectors. The Company produces expanded perlite and exfoliated vermiculite in its two Canadian plants, one is located in Lachine (Quebec) and the other is located in SaintPacome (Quebec). The Company does not own any perlite or vermiculite deposit and stocks up in crude ore from foreign suppliers. 	Perlite Canada Inc	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	June 29, 1994
PRO	Ressources Pershimco Inc Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring, developing and operating mining properties. Its properties include Cerro Quema Project (Cerro Quema), Courville property and Magistral property, among others. The Company is focused on advancing its Cerro Quema Project towards production. The Company's exploration activities include completion of around 2,144 meters of drilling on Cerro Quema. This drilling included approximately 1,244 meters completed at the Idaida prospect and 901 meters completed at the Quema/Quemita deposit. Approximately 65% of the concession area has been mapped with the phase of work and the Company collected around 3,397 surface samples corresponding to approximately 284.73 line kilometers mapped. The Company is also evaluating its Magistral property. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Minera Cerro Quema S.A. (Panama) and Minerometalurgica San Miguel, S. de R.L. de C.V (Mexico). 	Ressources Pershimco Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 3, 1989
PPX	Peruvian Precious Metals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral properties, and either joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company, through its subsidiary, Sienna Minerals S.A.C, holds 100% interest in Igor Concession and Igor South Concession located in Peru, South America. The Igor South Concession property is contiguous to and south east of the Igor Concession and covers an area of approximately 410 hectares. The Company's objective is to continue to expand and upgrade the known gold and silver resources on the Igor Project and explore other targets along the approximately eight kilometers of undrilled gold and silver mineralized structure. As of September 30, 2015, the Company has not generated any revenues. 	Peruvian Precious Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 28, 2013
PTP	Petrichor Energy Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties. The Company owns an average 18.5% working interest in the wells in the Verba Field in Mississippi, which are producing approximately 1,550 barrels per month. The Verba Field consists of 10 wells on the property. The Company has a working interest in 11,895.65 net acres at the Marble Falls Prospect, Texas. The Company's participation is a 66.67% cost-bearing working interest. The Marble Falls Prospect consists of Garner, Cobb, Hinson and CD wells. The Marble Falls is a Pennsylvanian-age porous limestone formation, that is deposited above the Barnett Shale and forms pinnacle reefs at depths less than 5,000 feet. 	Petrichor Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	July 1, 2002
PRJ	Petro Rio SA, formerly HRT Participacoes em Petroleo SA, is a Brazil-based holding company engaged in the oil and gas industry. The Company's activities are divided into three segments: Exploration and production (E&P), Geology and geophysics, as well as Management and others. The E&P segment focuses on exploration, development, production, import, export and sale of oil and natural gas byproducts. The Geology and geophysics division is responsible for the provision of geophysical and geological research services. The Management and others area mainly include corporate operations. The Company's exploration fields are primarily located in Brazil and Namibia. Furthermore, It controls a number of entities, such as HRT O&G Exploracao e Producao de Petroleo Ltda, HRT Africa Petroleo SA and HRT America Inc. 	Petro Rio SA			--	October 13, 2008
PTV	Petro Vista Energy Corp. is a Canada-based natural gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and exploitation of oil and natural gas properties in Brazil. The Company's petroleum and natural gas properties and exploration and evaluation assets include Tartaruga block and Block 170. The Company holds the rights to a 37.5% working interest in the shallow offshore and producing oil concession Block SES-107D (Tartaruga Block). The Tartaruga Block is located in Brazil's prolific Sergipe-Algoas Basin, north-eastern Brazil. The Company's subsidiaries include Petro Vista Energy Petroleo do Brasil Ltda. (PVE Brazil), Petro Vista Energy Holdings (Barbados) Corp. and Petro Vista Energy Brazil (Barbados) Corp. 	Petro Vista Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	6	April 6, 2006
VRY	Petro-Victory Energy Corp. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the exploration for, and the acquisition and development of, crude oil and natural gas resources in South America, primarily in Paraguay. The Company holds a 36% working interest in the Pirity Concession, which is approximately two million acres in size and located in western Paraguay's underexplored Pirity Sub-basin, near the Argentinian-Paraguayan border. 	Petro Victory Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 20, 2014
PFC	PetroFrontier Corp. is a Canada-based exploration- stage company. The Corporation is an oil and gas exploration company engaged in the exploration, acquisition and development of both conventional and unconventional petroleum assets in Australia's Southern Georgina Basin. 	PetroFrontier Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	December 31, 2010
PCQ	Petrolympic Ltd. (Petrolympic) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. Petrolympic has an interest in a total of approximately 752,951 hectares of oil and gas exploration permits in the Appalachian Basin of Quebec that includes holdings in the St. Lawrence Lowlands and Gaspe Peninsula. The Company also holds an interest in the Chittim Ranch property in the Maverick Basin, Texas. The Company's holdings in the St. Lawrence Lowlands are an approximate 30% interest in 216,933 hectares through a joint venture with Squatex Energy and Resources Inc. (Squatex); an approximate 12% interest in 8,000 hectares through an agreement with Canbriam Energy Inc., as well as an approximate 100% interest in 56,152 hectares located over the Lowlands shallow carbonates platform on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, less than 30 kilometers southwest of Montreal. Petrolympic also has holdings in the Gaspe and Lower St. Lawrence regions. 	Petrolympic Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 19, 2006
PDQ	Petrodorado Energy Ltd. (Petrodorado) is a Canada-based petroleum and natural gas exploration company. The Company conducts its petroleum and natural gas exploration and development activities in Colombia with one asset in California. It has participation in five oil and gas blocks in Colombia and one block in the San Jaoquin basin in California. Petrodorado's oil and gas blocks include CPO?5 Block, a 492,341 acre block located in the Los Llanos basin; Tacacho Block, in which the Company has a 49.5% working interest within the Putumayo area of Colombia; Talora Block, located in the Upper Magdalena basin of Colombia, in which the Company has a 55% interest; La Maye Block, in which it has a 20% working interest in an exploration and production contract; Buganviles Block, in which it has a varying working interest; Moriche Block, in which the Company has a 49.5% working interest in the Mauritia Este Prospect, and California Block, in which it has a non?operated working interest of 15%. 	Petrodorado Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	12	January 1, 2015
PEA	Petrolia Inc. (Petrolia) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company's oil and gas properties are in the exploration-stage. The Company is primarily engaged in exploration and development under oil and gas exploration licenses. The Company's properties include Bourque, Haldimand and Anticosti. Its other projects include Tar Point, Gaspesia Edgar and Marcel-Tremblay, Dalhousie, Matapedia, Corte-Real, Gastonguay and Restigouche. The Bourque property is located in a non-urbanized area approximately 30 kilometers east of the town of Murdochville. Gaspesia is 100% owned by the Company. Contiguous projects Gaspesia Edgar and Marcel-Tremblay covers an area of west-central Gaspesie, between the towns of Amqui and Murdochville. The Matapedia project is located south of the Lac-Matapedia. The Corte-Real project is located approximately 10 kilometers northwest of the Haldimand discovery. The Restigouche Project is located in the southern Gaspe, north of Dalhousie project. 	Petrolia Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 24, 2002
PMA	PetroMaroc Corporation plc, formerly Longreach Oil and Gas Limited, is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties in Morocco. The Company holds a 50% operating interest in the onshore Sidi Moktar License located in the Essaouira Basin in central Morocco. The Company's two non-operating licenses and its interest in each include the Zag exploration license with a 22.5% interest and the Foum Draa exploration license with a 2.5% interest. In the aggregate, the Company's direct and indirect interests in exploration licenses cover approximately 25,699 square kilometers (km2) (gross interest) / 4,801 km2 (net interest) or approximately 6.35 million acres (gross interest) / 1.19 million acres (net interest). The Company has three wholly owned subsidiaries: Longreach Oil and Gas Ventures Limited, Longreach Oil and Gas (Canada) Limited and Longreach Oil and Gas (UK) Ltd. 	Petromaroc Corporation PLC	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	7	August 13, 2010
PSH	PetroShale Inc. (PetroShale) is a Canada-based oil company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, development and consolidation of interests in the North Dakota Bakken / Three forks. The Company owns interests in certain oil and natural gas leases beneath the Missouri River in North Dakota. The Company is engaged in the production of petroleum and natural gas and the exploration for and development of oil and natural gas properties. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in two geographical segments: Canada and the United States. PetroShale has a working interest in 19 gross (0.5 net) wells being drilled or completed. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include PetroShale (US), Inc., GEL Exploration Limited and Zama Production Limited. 	PetroShale Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	7	July 1, 1998
PTC	Petrox Resources Corp. (Petrox) is a Canada-based junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas in Canada. The Company has assembled approximately 34.75 sections (22,240 acres) of 100% working interest lands in the Viking light oil play in the Halkirk and Battle areas of central Alberta. The Company has oil and gas properties located in the Fletwode area of Saskatchewan (Fletwode Properties). The Fletwode properties include six oil producing wells with a combined producing rate of approximately 40 barrels per day. 	Petrox Resources Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 25, 2011
MJN	PharmaCan Capital Corp., formerly Searchtech Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of investing in companies either licensed or actively seeking a license to produce medical marihuana. The Company has two operating segments: the first segment relates to pursuing equity investments into licensed medical marijuana producers in Canada and the second segment relates to production and sale of medical cannabis through wholly owned subsidiary, The Zone Produce Ltd. The Company has invested in and made loans to companies, including The Peace Naturals Project Inc., Whistler Medical Marijuana Corporation, Vert/Green Medical Inc., Evergreen Medicinal Supply Inc., AbCann Medicinals Inc., CannMart Inc. and The Hydropothecary Corporation. 	PharmaCan Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	August 21, 2012
PHI	Philippine Metals Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the exploration and development of resource properties. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is operating in the Philippines with respect to three mineral projects, the Taurus Project (also known as The Leyte Copper Project), the Malitao Project and the Dilong Project. The Taurus Project properties (the Taurus Block, the Suhi 0059 Block and the Suhi 0096 Block) are located in the northern part of the island of Leyte in the East Visayas region of the Philippines. The Taurus Project covers an area of around 9,896 contiguous hectares and features an ophiolite hosted sulfide belt. The Malitao Project is located in the Calanasan municipality, Kalinga-Apayao Province, northern Luzon, and consists of around 971 hectares and is a Copper and Gold sulfide prospect. The Dilong Project is a Copper and Gold exploration project covering around 324 hectares located in Barrio Dilong. 	Philippine Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 7, 1989
PCO	Phoenix Canada Oil Company Limited is a Canada-based company focusing on developing clean energy solutions based on water-derived hydrogen. The Company, through its subsidiary Phoenix International Energy Inc., holds rights to a hydrogen gas generation technology (the Hydrogen Project). The Hydrogen Project covers the light-powered generation of low cost Hydrogen gas from an ordinary water feedstock. The Company is also developing its catalytic Synfuel technology that captures and converts carbon dioxide, as well as generates a low to nil pollution alternatives to crude petroleum-refined liquid transportation fuels. In addition, the Company has minority interests in mature gas fields in Western Canada. 	Phoenix Canada Oil Co Ltd	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	2	November 25, 1944
PXA	Phoenix Gold Resources Corp., formerly Zuri Capital Corp., is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company's principal business focus is on the acquisition and exploration of the gold mineral rights located in Nevada, the United States America. The Company's properties are located in Lander County, Nevada, within the Battle Mountain Mining District, which hosts a series of gold mines (Marigold, Lonetree, Fortitude and Trenton Canyon). It has an option to acquire a 50% right, title and interest to the Plumas Property. The Plumas Property consists of two patented lode mining claims with extra lateral rights (40 acres) and one patented mill site claim (8.5 acres) situated in Battle Mountain, Lander County, Nevada, the United States America. It holds a 50% right, title and interest to the Eldorado Property. The Eldorado Property consists of one patented lode mining claim (20 acres) named Eldorado situated in Battle Mountain, Lander County, Nevada, the United States. 	Phoenix Gold Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 2, 2011
PMI	Petromanas Energy Inc. (Petromanas) is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of its assets in Albania. The Company's assets are located across Albania, France and Australia. The Company's portfolio includes approximately 852,000 acres in Albania, over 170,000 acres in France and approximately 1.6 million acres in Australia. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, holds a PSC with the Albanian government which covers Blocks 2-3, consisting of approximately 638,000 gross acres across Albania's Berati thrust belt. Petromanas has a5 25% working interest in Blocks 2-3 and is the operator. Petromanas also has exploration assets in France and Australia. The Company's Blocks 2-3 covers approximately 3,443 square kilometers (approximately 852,000 acres). 	Petromanas Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	27	July 11, 2007
PTR	Petromin Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and producing company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of interests in oil and natural gas projects in Canada. The Company has oil and gas properties in the Province of Alberta, Canada. The Company is the operator of the Frog Lake prospect, which has three producing heavy oil wells. The Company's properties also include Redwater North, Morningside and Gilby. The Company has working interest in oil and natural gas wells in the Redwater area of central Alberta. The Company's Gilby property in Alberta produces natural gas from the multi-zone gas discovery in its 11- 35-39-28 W4M well. The Company has interests in two wells located in the Morningside area of Alberta. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include International King Jack Hydrocarbons Inc. and Far East Oil & Gas Ltd. 	Petromin Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 7, 1985
PHO	Photon Control Inc. designs, manufactures and distributes a range of optical sensors and instruments to measure temperature, pressure, position and flow. The Company's products include Fiber Optic Temperature Sensors, Spectroscopy and Focus2.0 Optical Gas Flow Meter. Its Fiber Optic Temperature Sensors include various temperature converters along with temperature measurement immersion sensors, contact sensors and life science sensors. Its spectrometers facilitate measurements in the ultra-violet, visible and near-infrared wavelengths, ranging from chemical composition and quantification to color measurement and radiometry. Its products are used by original equipment manufacturers, as well as end users in the semiconductor, oil and gas, power, life science and manufacturing industries. It provides engineering services for optical measurement systems. It supplies products to its customer base through integrator contractors and directly supplies to three capital equipment manufacturers. 	Photon Control Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	
PJX	PJX Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the mineral exploration projects located near Cranbrook, British Columbia. The Company's principal mineral property is the Dewdney Trail Property. The Company wholly owns interest in the Dewdney Trail Property and four additional properties (the Vine), including the Vine Extension, Eddy, Zinger and West Basin in the Cranbrook area. The Dewdney Trail Property is over 21,000 hectares in size. The Vine property is over 8,000 hectares in size. The Eddy Property consists of more than 20,000 hectares of land. The Zinger Property consists of over 14,000 hectares of land. The West Basin Property is over 3,400 hectare property. The Company also has stake in approximately 1,069 hectares of land in British Columbia (Arrow Lake Property). 	PJX Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 7, 2011
PST	Pistol Bay Mining Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties, focusing on a project in Saskatchewan. The Company's properties include Princeton Property, Roaring River Property, Summit Lake Project, Portland Graphite Property and Athabasca Basin. The Company holds interest in certain mineral claims in Roaring River Property, which is located to the north of Thunder Bay in Ontario. It also holds interest in six claims in the Summit A and Summit B properties that are located in northwestern British Columbia, Canada. In addition, the Company holds interest in around 16 claims in Summit D property, which is located in the Stewart area of British Columbia. The Company holds interest in three mineral claims in Athabasca Basin property, which is located in the eastern Athabasca Basin of Saskatchewan. 	Pistol Bay Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 20, 1995
PTG	Pivot Technology Solutions, Inc. is a Canada-based provider of technology solutions and services that enable organizations to design, build, implement and maintain computing and communication infrastructure. The Company, through its portfolio companies, designs, sells, integrates and supports information technology (IT) solutions, including hardware, maintenance and support engaging clients in all aspects of their IT lifecycle management. The Company's subsidiaries include ACS Holdings (Canada), Inc., Pivot Technology Solutions, Ltd., Pivot Research, Ltd., Pivot Shared Services, Ltd., ACS (US), Inc., New ProSys Corp., Sigma Technology Solutions, Inc. and ARC Acquisition (US), Inc. 	Pivot Technology Solutions Inc			--	March 22, 2013
PCR	Pinecrest Resources Ltd., through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the acquisition, advancement and development of precious mineral properties in its Enchi Gold Project in Ghana. Enchi Gold Project (the Project) is located in southwest Ghana. The Project hosts an inferred resource at a 0.7 gram per ton gold (Au) cut off of 20.6 meter grading 1.13 gram per ton gold (Au) containing 749,000 ounces of gold at the three prospects Boin, Sewum and Nyamebekyere prospects. The Company also holds 50% interest in the two mineral concessions comprising the Espiritu property located in Sahuaripa, Sonora Mexico. 	Pinecrest Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 18, 2010
PTE	Pioneering Technology Corporation is a Canada-based energy product company. The Company is focused on developing advanced thermo-based technology solutions to improve the energy efficiency and safety of common household products and appliances. The Company designs and produces fire prevention solutions that save lives, time and energy. The Company is also engaged in development, manufacture and sale of products intended to save energy and offer consumer convenience and safety. Its products include Safe-T-element, SmartBurner, RangeMinder and Safe-T-sensor. The Companys products in development include Powergrill, Battery Eliminator, Powerpak and Hydro?Free Furnace Fan. The Company also markets and sells its products and product components to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The Company operates in Canada and offers its service in the United States. 	Pioneering Technology Corp	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	January 5, 2000
PLR	Plate Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of identification, evaluation and acquisition of mineral properties, and petroleum and natural gas properties, as well as exploration of properties in Canada. The Company is involved in the process of earning its interest in the Lucky Mike mineral property and the Cardium petroleum and natural gas property. The Lucky Mike property is situated near Merritt and is a porphyry copper prospect, consisting of around 22 contiguous mineral claims. The Lucky Mike property is underlain by volcanic and sedimentary rocks of the late Triassic to early Jurassic Nicola formation. The Cardium petroleum and natural gas property is located in the Cardium zone in East Pembina, Alberta. 	Plate Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 1, 2011
PLU	Plateau Uranium Inc., formerly Macusani Yellowcake Inc., is a Canada-based uranium exploration and development company focused on exploration of its properties on the Macusani Plateau in south-eastern Peru. The Company owns interests in concessions, which cover over 100,000 hectares. It is exploring a uranium concession in southeastern Peru, which covers approximately 100,000 hectares in the Puno District. 	Plateau Uranium Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 9, 2006
PXI	Planet Mining Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based investment firm. The Company is focused on investing in undervalued resource projects and companies in the precious metals, uranium and coal, oil and gas, base metals, potash, lithium and rare earths sectors. The Company is also focused on the small-cap market, with early-stage investments in resource, biotechnology and technology companies. In addition, the Company is focusing on investing in early-stage, high growth companies offering capital appreciation potential. Its investee companies may be private or public based on economic, financial and market conditions. The Company makes investments in other sectors, which the Company identifies from time to time as offering particular value. 	Planet Mining Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 12, 2012
PLA	Plata Latina Minerals Corporation (Plata) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company primarily has interest in the Naranjillo Property, the Vaquerias Property and holds the two other properties in the Mexican Silver Belt. The Naranjillo Property is situated in Guanajuato, Mexico. Naranjillo consists of four government mineral exploration concessions issued by the Mexican General Directorate of Mines, including La Sibila, La Sibila I, La Sibila II and La Sibila III Concessions totaling around 29,541 hectares in area. In the Vaquerias project, the Company holds three titled adjacent concessions, known as Sol, Luna and Tierra. Its other mineral exploration interests include La Joya Project, Palo Alto Project and Los Agustinos Project. The La Joya project consists of the titled La Carmen license. The Palo Alto project consists of the Catalina, Catalina II, Catalina III, and Catalina IV licenses. 	Plata Latina Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 1, 2010
PTX	Platinex Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company's Nabish Lake Ni-Cu-PGE property is located 20 kilometers south of the Town of Dryden, in the District of Kenora, Ontario, Canada. The Company focuses on Shining Tree gold property, which is situated in Churchill, MacMurchy and Asquith Townships in Ontario. The Company has explored Herrick gold deposit on Shining Tree property and over seven other gold prospects. The Company's McFaulds South Property is located in the McFaulds Lake area of northwestern Ontario and approximately 35-50 kilometers southeast of the First Nation community of Webequie, on Winisk Lake. The Company's properties also include Tib Lake, Big Trout Lake and Muskox. 	Platinex Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 12, 1998
PGK	PNG Gold Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities were related to its 100% interest in the Normanby exploration license and the Sehulea exploration license, on Normanby Island, eastern Papua New Guinea (PNG). The Company's EL 1091 NORMANBY covers flagship prospect, Imwauna; neighboring prospect, Kelas, and untested prospects, Wahola, Dimwadimwala, Ebessowa, Mwatebu, Knob and Salupa Awa. The Sehulea Property is located 10 kilometers to the east of the El 1091 Normanby property, and is held under Exploration License 1069. The Company's subsidiaries include NMC Mining Corp, NMC Mining (Barbados) Corp. and Normanby Mining Corp., Normanby Mining PNG Limited (Normanby PNG) and Normanby Mining AUS Pty Limited. 	PNG Gold Corporation	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 27, 1984
PWR.P	POCML 3 Inc. (POCML) is a Canada-based Capital Pool Corporation (CPC). The Company is engaged in identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. The Company had not commenced commercial operations and has no assets other than a minimum amount of cash. The Company does not target any specific industry sector with respect to a Qualifying Transaction. Until Completion of the Qualifying Transaction, the Company will not carry on any business. The Company considers acquisitions of assets or businesses operated or located both inside and outside of Canada. As of October 29, 2014, the Company had not generated any earnings or pay dividends and does not have any subsidiaries. 	POCML 3 Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 30, 2014
PLY	Playfair Mining Ltd. is engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company has interests in several properties in Canada, including Grey River, Newfoundland-Tungsten/Gold property; Risby, Lened and Clea-Tungsten properties; Granite Lake, Newfoundland-Molybdenum property and Ox Mountain, Ireland-Gold property. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Grey River property located in southern Newfoundland, Canada. It has a 100% interest in the Risby, Lened and Clea properties located in the Yukon and Northwest territories. The Company has a 100% interest in certain claims in the Granite Lake area in Newfoundland, Canada. The Granite Lake Molybdenum Property is located in central Newfoundland. The Company has an option to acquire a 100% interest in Bowpark Exploration (Ireland) Ltd., which holds three contiguous prospecting licenses over the Ox Mountains in County Sligo, Ireland. 	Playfair Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 26, 1988
PH.P	Plymouth Realty Capital Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses for the purpose of completing a qualifying transaction. 	Plymouth Realty Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 15, 2013
POR	Portofino Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Companys property includes Iron Horse- Bolivar Property (Property), located approximately 14 kilometers west-northwest of Peachland, British Columbia in the Osoyoos Mining Division of southern British Columbia. The Property consists of seven mineral claims totalling 2,251.95 hectares. The Property is under option to the Company. The Property contains two mineralizations, which include gold skarns and polymetallic veins. Four gold skarn mineral occurrences (West Bolivar, East Bolivar, Road Bolivar and Iron Horse) and two workings associated with polymetallic quartz vein occurrences (Alma Mater and Silver King) exist on the Property. They occur in a 070/250 degrees trending belt that is approximately 500 meters wide and approximately 4,500 meters long. 	Portofino Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 14, 2011
PZ	Portola Resources Inc. (Portola) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the identification of and investment in other businesses. The Company is in the process of changing its business activities from the acquisition and exploration of mineral property assets to the identification of and investment in other businesses. As of February 28, 2015, the Company didn't generate any revenues. 	Portola Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 13, 1998
PTK	POET Technologies Inc. is engaged in the design of semi-conductor products for military and industrial applications. The Company designs III-V semiconductor devices and processes for commercial, industrial and military applications, including processors, system-on-chip (SoC), optical and opto-electronic devices, infrared sensor arrays and ultra-low-power digital circuits and random access memory. The Company's POET platform provides the monolithic fabrication of integrated circuits containing analog, digital and optical elements, with applications in devices, such as smart phones, tablets, servers, computers and Internet of things (IoTs). It develops gallium arsenide-based chip design processes having several market applications, including infrared sensor arrays for military, as well as domestic monitoring and imaging applications, and the combination of analog, mixed-signal, digital and optical functions on the same chip for use in commercial and military applications. 	POET Technologies Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	29	November 30, 2010
PYD.DB.U	nul	Poydras Gaming Finance Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
PYD	Poydras Gaming Finance Corp., formerly Great Northern Gold Exploration Corporation, is a Canada-based company focused on leasing and financing gaming machines, such as slot machines, and related capital expenditures for existing casinos, new casino developments and gaming machine suppliers in the United States. The Company owns and finances slot machines, including long-term lease contracts across six casinos in Oklahoma and a financing agreement with a gaming machine supplier based out of California. It is involved in the acquisition of the companies, which are engaged in leasing slot machines to casinos in Oklahoma and Texas and selling bingo supplies in Oklahoma, Arkansas and Kansas. Its operational segment is engaged in the business of leasing of gaming equipment to casinos and providing capital to gaming equipment manufacturers. 	Poydras Gaming Finance Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	July 27, 2009
PRD	PRD Energy Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is seeking, planning or executing field operations on farm-in arrangements with certain oil and gas operators located in Germany, and certain exploration and production licenses in Germany. The Company owns two wholly owned German subsidiaries, PRD Energy GmbH and PRD GmbH. 	PRD Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
PGC	Plato Gold Corp. is a Canada-based junior gold exploration company that is focused on prospective properties in recognized gold mining districts around the world. The Company holds a portfolio of properties in gold mining camps in Northern Ontario and Santa Cruz, Argentina. The Company has two regionally-based projects: the Lolita Project in Santa Cruz, Argentina and Timmins Gold Project in Northern Ontario. The Lolita Project includes three adjoining concessions in Southern Argentina, which are held by the Company's 75% owned subsidiary, Winnipeg Minerals S.A. The Timmins Gold Project includes four properties (Guibord, Harker, Holloway and Marriott). The company is in the early stage of exploration on both the Argentina and Ontario projects. 	Plato Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 7, 1996
PRG	Precipitate Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company focused on gold and base metal exploration in the Dominican Republic. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resources in Canada. Its mineral property interests include Juan de Hererra Property, Dominican Republic; David and Richard Properties, Dominican Republic; Cecilia Property, Sonora, Mexico; Reef Property, Yukon; Bright and Lombok Properties, Yukon, and Ba, Gemini and Horneline Properties, British Columbia. Juan de Herrera Property's exploration programs are focused on the Ginger Ridge and Melchor gold zones. Juan de Herrera property also includes six other concessions. Its Reef Property comprises the mineral quartz claims, such as Reef I-48 claims, Jay 73-80, Jay 141-193, & Jay 203-250 claims and Bloom I-262 claims. Its 100% owned Gemini gold property is located about 50 kilometers southwest of the Alaska Highway in north central British Columbia. 	Precipitate Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 31, 2011
PMD	Prima Diamond Corp. (Prima), formerly Prima Fluorspar Corp., is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company focuses on diamond exploration. Its Liard Fluorspar Property is located in Northern British, Columbia. It has 100% interest in Liard Fluorspar Property, which include over 15 mineral claims in Northern British Columbia, Liard Fluorspar Property; over 12 mineral claims in Northern British Columbia, Schuss Property; over 14 mineral claims in Northern British Columbia, CIM Property; one mineral claim in Northern British Columbia, Dickson Property; over 82 mineral claims in the Whitehorse Mining District in the Yukon Territory, the King Gold-Copper Property. Prima has over 46 mineral claims covering approximately 42,000 hectares in the southern portion of the Slave Province, Northwest Territories, Godspeed Lake Diamond Property, and over 19 mineral claims covering approximately 14,000 hectares in Slave Province, Northwest Territories, Munn Lake Diamond Property. 	Prima Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 1, 2009
PMR	nul	Prime Meridian Resources Corp			--	
PEH	Primeline Energy Holdings Inc. (Primeline) is a Hong Kong-based company, which is engaged in the exploration of oil and gas properties located in the People's Republic of China. The Company owns exploration and development rights in the East China Sea pursuant to two Petroleum Contracts, one in relation to Block 25/34 (Petroleum Contract 25/34) and one in relation to Block 33/07 (Petroleum Contract 33/07). Primeline has approximately 36.75% interest in the producing LS36-1 gas field in Block 25/34 which comprises an offshore area of approximately 84.7 square kilometers. Primeline is the operator of the Petroleum Contract with China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) for Block 33/07. Block 33/07 covers an offshore area of approximately 5,877 square kilometers (1.45 million acres), enclosing Block 25/34. The Company's subsidiaries include Primeline Energy China Limited (PECL) and Primeline Energy Operations International Limited (PEOIL). 	Primeline Energy Holdings Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	25	March 31, 1995
PRV.UN	PRO Real Estate Investment Trust is an unincorporated open ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's segments include four classifications of investment properties: Retail, Office, Commercial Mixed Use and Industrial. It was formed to own a portfolio of diversified commercial real estate properties in Canada, with a focus on primary and secondary markets in Quebec, Atlantic Canada and Ontario with selective expansion into Western Canada. The portfolio consists of 23 properties with approximately one million square feet of commercial gross leasable area. The Company's portfolio is diversified by property type and geography across Quebec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Alberta. All of the Company's activities are located in Canada. 	PRO Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
PRV.WT	nul	PRO Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
PMX	ProAm Explorations Corporation is a junior mineral and oil and natural gas exploration and development company operating in Canada and the United States. The Company's principal business activities are oil and gas production and the exploration and development of its exploration and evaluation assets. The Company's Samuel Lake Project is located approximately 55 kilometers west of the town of Atikokan, Ontario. The Company owns working interests in a number of oil and gas properties: a 12.5% working interest in three wells in Logan County Arkansas; a 12.5% working interest in two wells and a 5% working interest in another well in Oklahoma, and a 5% working interest in a 5,600 acre land package within the High Allegheny Mountain Section of The Eastern Overthrust Belt. It has three producing natural gas wells in Ohio and two wells, which are on production, are referred to as Okotoks 5-15-22-28W4 and Okotoks 6-15-22-28W4. 	ProAm Explorations Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	October 30, 1970
PRN	Profound Medical Corp., formerly Mira IV Acquisition Corp., is a Canada-based medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing technology in the area of localized prostate cancer. The Company's transurethral ultrasound ablation (TULSA) is a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) guided transurethral ultrasound procedure that ablates prostate tissue from the inside-out in a single session. TULSA-PRO is the device that consists of several components. The transurethral ultrasound applicator (UA) has 10 transducers that can be individually turned on or off depending upon the size of the prostatic gland to be ablated. The Company's TULSA has completed a Phase I international clinical trial. 	Profound Medical Corp	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	July 16, 2014
PRB	Probe Metals Inc., formerly 2450260 Ontario Inc., is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company holds a 100% interest in Black Creek Property, located in the James Bay Lowlands area of north-western Ontario; Tamarack-McFauld's Lake Property, located in the James Bay Lowlands area of northern Ontario, and Victory Property, located in the James Bay Lowlands area of northern Ontario. 	Probe Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	16	January 16, 2015
PGV	71 CAPITAL CORP. is a Canada-based controlled capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the business of identifying and evaluating companies, businesses, or assets with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction. The Company does not carry on any other business activities. 	Prodigy Ventures Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 6, 2008
PM	Prism Medical Ltd. is a provider of equipment and services used to move and handle mobility challenged individuals. The Company's products are marketed under the brand names of Prism Medical, Ergosafe, Waverley Glen and Nightingale. The Company manufactures a line of products, including fixed ceiling lifts, portable ceiling lifts, floor lifts, slings, shower chairs and other ancillary patient handling products. The Company provides sales, installation, training and maintenance services. The Company's products are marketed in the home care, acute care and long-term care markets in the United States and Canada. It also sources and distributes products, such as stair lifts, baths and beds to customers. 	Prism Medical Ltd	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	424	February 15, 1996
PFM	ProntoForms Corporation (ProntoForms) is a Canada-based provider of mobile business software solutions for enterprises and small/medium businesses. The Company's products provide Web-centric solution for workforce applications making them accessible from anywhere in the world through mobile devices. Its ProntoForms platform allows mobile workers to connect with corporate business systems and databases via their mobile devices. The Company also operates the ProntoForms Web Portal. ProntoForms delivers its solutions through Tier I service providers, business-to-business wireless resellers, device manufacturers, and global IT solution providers. The Company provides its industrial solutions to various industries, including Healthcare, Construction, Manufacturing, Transportation, Pest Control, and Oil and Gas. ProntoForms provides ProntoForms platform and related services on a subscription basis. 	ProntoForms Corp	Technology	Software	--	May 22, 2007
PGX	Prosper Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development company, which is engaged in acquiring and advancing promising mineral prospects in British Columbia (BC). The Company focuses on its Star Porphyry Copper Gold Project, an alkalic porphyry copper-gold prospect in northwest BC, located approximately 110 kilometers west-southwest of Dease Lake, BC and over 50 kilometers northwest of Telegraph Creek. Its Star Porphyry Copper Gold Project includes projects, such as Imperial Metals' Red Chris deposit, where mill commissioning for production has started; NovaGold/Teck Resources' Galore Creek deposit, which is in pre-feasibility, and Copper Fox/Teck Resources' Shaft Creek deposit, which has reserves of approximately 941 million tons grading approximately 0.3% copper, over 0.2 gigatons gold, approximately 0.02% molybdenum and over 1.8 gigatons silver. Its copper-gold occurrences on the property include Star, Star East, Star North, Copper Creek and Pyrrhotite Creek targets. 	Prosper Gold Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 25, 2012
PSL	Prospero Silver Corp. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral resource properties. It has mineral property interests located in Mexico undergoing preliminary exploration. The Company's projects include El Petate-Hidalgo State, Santa Maria Del Oro, San Luis del Cordero, Baborigame project and Campana Properties. EL Petate is a 6,530 hectare project in Hidalgo, Mexico some 35 kilometer to the southwest of Pachuca. The project area is divided into two domains west and east, including Apartadero and the Petate SW Reef zones, and Petate East target zone. Santa Maria Del Oro is located in Durango State and comprises three zones of interest, which include the Lineaments, Matorral and Pastoria-Llanos de Cabrera valley. The Cordero project is located 155 kilometers north east of Durango City. Cordero is a silver project with copper and zinc grades. 	Prospero Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 31, 2008
PUM	Puma Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and prospection of mining properties with the potential of hosting deposits. The Company's projects include Little Stull Lake project, Porphyry project, Turgeon project and Sainte-Marguerite. The Porphyry Project, comprising the Beresford Copper, Green River, Connors, South Pabineau Lake and Pabineau properties, represents a portfolio of copper and molybdenum resources. Ann's Creek property is located in the extension of the lead-zinc-silver-copper-gold zone. The Company holds 100% interest in the Turgeon copper-zinc deposit located in northeastern New Brunswick. The Turgeon property is located 20 kilometers north of the Nicholas-Denys property and five kilometers south of the Belledune deep water port. Beresford Copper property is 100%-owned by the Company and consists of 239 contiguous claims with a total surface area of 51.94 square kilometers. 	Puma Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 20, 2005
PE	Pure Energy Minerals Ltd (Pure Energy) is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is an integrated exploration and processing developer with a focus on sustainable lifecycle solutions for lithium supply in North America. The Company is focused on the development of its lithium brine project in Clayton Valley, Nevada, the United States. The Company's Clayton Valley lithium brine project covers an area of approximately 8,000 acres, located contiguous and to the southeast of the Silver Peak lithium brine mine. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Esmeralda Minerals, owns approximately 963 acres of placer mineral claims. In addition, Pure Energy provides its clients with backgrounds in finance, exploration, geosciences, lithium processing, permitting and construction. 	Pure Energy Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 10, 2007
PGM	Pure Gold Mining Inc. (Pure Gold), formerly Laurentian Goldfields Ltd, is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company engages in exploration of Gold. The Company has approximately 100% ownership on around 50 square kilometers of land package of contiguous, primarily patented ground, which includes Madsen property and the adjacent Newman-Madsen property, collectively known as the Madsen Gold Project. Its Madsen Gold Project is a gold project located in Red Lake, Ontario, Canada. The Madsen Gold Project is its only material property. The Companys Madsen Mine asset contains an Indicated resource of around 928,000 ounces gold (2.24 million tons at 8.93 grams per ton of Gold), and an Inferred resource of approximately 297,000 ounces gold (0.79 million tons at 11.74 grams per ton of Gold). It has conducted drill hole intersections in the Madsens 8 Zone returned drill intercepts around 7.9 meters grading 26.4 grams per ton gold. 	Pure Gold Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	11	November 14, 2005
RUF.DB.U	nul	Pure Multi-Family REIT LP	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
RUF.U	Pure Multi-Family REIT LP (Pure Multi) is a Canada-based company that offers investors exposure to the United States multifamily real estate assets. The Company offers investors the ability to participate in monthly distributions, with potential for capital appreciation, stemming from ownership in quality apartment assets located in cities within the Sunbelt region of the United States. Pure Multi's portfolio consists of around 14 investment properties with an aggregate of 4,308 residential units and is situated on over 236 acres of land. Its properties are located within three metropolitan areas: Dallas - Fort Worth (DFW), Texas; Houston, Texas and Phoenix, Arizona. Pure Multi, through Pure US Apartments REIT Inc. (the US REIT), is engaged in acquiring, owning and operating multi-family real estate properties in the United States. 	Pure Multi-Family REIT LP	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
RUF.UN	Pure Multi-Family REIT LP (Pure Multi) is a Canada-based company that offers investors exposure to the United States multifamily real estate assets. The Company offers investors the ability to participate in monthly distributions, with potential for capital appreciation, stemming from ownership in quality apartment assets located in cities within the Sunbelt region of the United States. Pure Multi's portfolio consists of around 14 investment properties with an aggregate of 4,308 residential units and is situated on over 236 acres of land. Its properties are located within three metropolitan areas: Dallas - Fort Worth (DFW), Texas; Houston, Texas and Phoenix, Arizona. Pure Multi, through Pure US Apartments REIT Inc. (the US REIT), is engaged in acquiring, owning and operating multi-family real estate properties in the United States. 	Pure Multi-Family REIT LP	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
NIC	Pure Nickel Inc. is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties in Canada and the United States, primarily those containing nickel, platinum group elements, copper, gold, silver and associated base and precious metals. The Company is in the process of exploring its exploration and evaluation properties. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation properties segment. The Company's properties include: MAN Property, Salt Chuck Property, Fond du Lac Property, William Lake Property, Tower Property, HPM Property, Manibridge Property, Raglan Property and Rainbow Property. The Company conducts the Unites States operations through a wholly owned subsidiary, Nevada Star Resource Corp. 	Pure Nickel Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 1, 2010
PPK	Prospect Park Capital Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses for the purpose of completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Prospect Park Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 7, 2012
PTU	Purepoint Uranium Group Inc. (Purepoint) is a Canada-based resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the purpose of producing uranium. Purepoint maintains a focused objective of locating uranium deposits in the Athabasca Basin in Northern Saskatchewan. The Company's properties are all located at the Athabasca Basin, Northern Saskatchewan. The Company owns a total of 8 properties located on Smart Lake, Hook Lake, Red Willow, Turnor Lake, Umfreville Lake, Forsythe Lake, McArthur East and Henday Lake. The Company operates one of these projects with Cameco Corporation and AREVA Resources Canada Inc. while the other seven projects remain 100% owned. The Hook Lake Project consists of nine claims totaling 28,598 hectares and is situated in the southwestern Athabasca Basin. The Red Willow property covers 25,612 hectares on the eastern edge of the Athabasca Basin. 	Purepoint Uranium Group Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 1, 2007
PYR	PyroGenesis Canada Inc. owns patents of advanced waste treatment systems technology and provides design, development, manufacturing and commercialization of advanced plasma processes. The Company provides engineering and manufacturing solutions, contract research, as well as process equipment packages to the defense, metallurgical, mining, materials, oil and gas, and environmental industries. The Company provides plasma torches, plasma waste processes, high-temperature metallurgical processes, and engineering services to the global marketplace. It has developed an array of plasma processing approaches. DROSRITE is a salt-free process for maximizing metal recovery from dross, targeting mainly the aluminum and zinc industries. The Company's plasma waste processing solutions include plasma arc gasification and vitrification (PAGV) system, plasma arc waste destruction system for land (PAWDS Land), PAWDS Marine, plasma resource recovery system (PRRS), among others. 	Pyrogenesis Canada Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	July 11, 2011
PYT	Pyng Medical Corp. (Pyng) engineers and markets trauma and resuscitation products for frontline critical care personnel. The Company's product portfolio includes sternal intraosseous (sternal IO), pelvic stabilization and tourniquet devices designed and customized for both the military and civilian markets. It develops medical devices for use by hospital staff, emergency medical services and military forces. It has developed and commercialized an intraosseous (IO) infusion system, FAST1 Intraosseous Infusion System, which provides vascular access to enable the administration of drugs, medications, fluids and blood that require emergency life-saving treatment. FASTResponder and FASTCombat provide fluids, medication and blood. The T-POD Pelvic Stabilization devices provide treatment of pelvic fractures. The MAT Tourniquet is applied by the wounded patient to stop life threatening bleeding. The CRIC is a life-saving medical product allowing for surgical airway intervention. 	Pyng Medical Corp	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	December 2, 1992
QI	Q Investments Ltd. is an institutional asset management company. The Company specializes in Investment Management and Consultation. The company provides independent and guidance to private investors, providing them planning, implementation and measuring the success of their investment programs. The Company engages in research and development and focuses on providing advice. The Company offers a range of wealth management services supporting its clients beyond investment management. The Companys products include Gold Mini Futures, Bull Put Spread & Call AAPL, 6M Autocall Phoenix on GMCR in USD, QIL RCB SVM 40% 3M, QIL 3Y Leveraged Certificate Plus on Agriculture, QIL Energy Terms final (TFS), QILERB Statistics, 18m Reverse Convertible Cia Vale do Rio Doce (BNP), 3Y USD Booster on Gold shares (BNP), 1Y CHF Reverse Convertible Xstrata (BNP), S&P 500 9M Vola Swap (TFS), 5Y Gold Booster USD (SocGen) and Autocall Agriculture Basket (JPM). 	Q Investments Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 28, 1980
QMC	QMC Quantum Minerals Corp. is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company holds interests in certain mineral exploration properties located in Canada, with its Namew Lake Volcanogenic Massive Sulphide (VMS) Project consisting of the Rocky Lake Property, the Rocky-Namew Property, the Namew Lake Property, as well as the Carrot River Property, all in Manitoba and the Mugaha property in Mackenzie, British Columbia. Its Rocky Lake property consists of the Rock claims of approximately 1 to 133,190 hectares and Jaln claim of over 260 hectares. Its Rocky-Namew and Namew Lake Properties are located in the Flin-Flon Greenstone belt. Its Carrot River property consists of approximately 10 contiguous claims totaling over 3,070 hectares, located in the Carrot river belt of approximately 140 kilometers southeast from the mining center of Thompson Manitoba. Its Mugaha property is located approximately 10 kilometers north of the town of Mackenzie. 	QMC Quantum Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	November 7, 2003
QGR	Q-Gold Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on identifying and conducting exploration activities on its two North American gold and silver mining camps, where it has a range of land holdings in both. The Company's exploration efforts were concentrated at Crown King in the Central Arizona Volcanic Belt, which contains an array of volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) deposits, mines, and precious and base metals prospects. The Company has 13 prospective United States Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management (BLM) mining claims, all located within the VMS Belt. The Company also focuses on its approximately 10,000 acres of contiguous land holdings in the mining camp of Mine Centre. At Mine Centre, the Company has concentrated its efforts on delineation drilling of the known gold zones in the Foley gold producing mine and the McKenzie Gray gold/ silver zone. 	Q-Gold Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 25, 1998
QHR	QHR Corp (QHR) is a Canada-based company that provides solutions to the healthcare information technology sector. The Company focuses on the development of technologies in the healthcare and social services sectors. QHRs technologies and services enable secure medical records management for clinical environments, provide health providers with tools for virtual care, including secure video consultation and messaging, and facilitate billing, health insurance eligibility and the secure transfer of data related to claims. 	QHR Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	134	July 8, 2013
QMX	QMX Gold Corporation (QMX) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is a gold-producing company and is primarily engaged in exploration and mine development. The Company holds an interest in a property totaling 200 square kilometers, located in the Abitibi District of Quebec, Canada. Its Lac Herbin properties cover a total aggregate surface area of around 9,707 hectares. The Aurbel-Lac Herbin group of properties consists of 431 claims, four mining leases and one surface lease, all located around 10 kilometers northeast of Val-d'Or. The properties include the Dumont and Ferderber mines; a milling complex, the Aurbel Mill, and the Lac Herbin gold mine. The Lac Pelletier property, located in Rouyn and Beauchastel townships, consists of 35 contiguous mining titles covering a total surface area of around 723 hectares, including two mining concessions and a permit covering part of the Stadacona mine. QMX also carries a 100% interest in four mining claims located near Lac Pelletier. 	QMX Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	131	February 16, 2004
QIC	Quantum International Income Corp (Quantum) is a healthcare company focused on delivering national integrated health solutions in the United States. The Company operates in three segments: Healthcare operation in the United States, operated through Centers for Special Surgery, LLC (CSS); purchase and sale of media content creation and distribution in Canada, operated through Multiple Media Entertainment Inc. (MME), and Other, including head office expenses and office of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Company intends to acquire targets in various related areas of the United States healthcare industry in different geographic regions to allow for diversification. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Quantum CSS Holdings Corp, has formed Centers for Special Surgery, LLC (CSS). A wholly owned subsidiary of CSS, Center for Special Surgery of Essex County, LLC (CSS-Essex), owns the Roseland Assets, including its Ambulatory Surgery Center (ASC) license. 	Quantum International Income Corp	Financials	Investment Services	16	August 15, 1995
QXP	nul	Quattro Exploration And Production Ltd			--	
QPT	Quest PharmaTech Inc. (Quest) is a Canada-based biotechnology company. Quest is engaged in the development of the monoclonal antibody, Oregovomab (MAb B43.13), for the treatment of ovarian cancer. Quest's pipeline of product candidates consists of four monoclonal antibodies targeting certain tumor antigens that are presented in a range of cancers, including such cancers as breast, lung, pancreas, stomach and prostate. Quest has antibodies against MUC1, PSA, CA19.9 and TAG72. The Company's products, SL017, a topical formulation indicated for dermatology applications, and SL052, an injectable formulation, are developed using the SonoLight Technology. Quest has a supply and distribution agreement with Smart Cell Tec for the marketing and distribution rights for the anti-wrinkle skin care product, Bellus Skin. Quest is engaged in conducting two Phase II trials for its Oregovomab product for advanced ovarian cancer and for CA125 associated partially resectable pancreatic cancer. 	Quest PharmaTech Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	0	December 16, 1996
QTA	Quaterra Resources Inc. (Quaterra) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of the Yerington Copper District in Nevada. Quaterra also has a 35% interest in a gold project located in Alaska and a 37.5% interest in a silver project located in Mexico. The Company's 100%-owned MacArthur deposit is a copper deposit located around 70 miles southeast of Reno, Nevada. The Yerington deposit is porphyry copper system that includes the Yerington and a portion of the Bear copper deposits. Its Herbert gold project is a gold mineralized mesothermal quartz vein system in the Juneau Gold Belt of southeast Alaska. The project consists of 91 lode claims located around 30 kilometers north of Juneau and approximately 42 kilometers south of Coeur Alaska's Kensington gold mine. Quaterra's Nieves Silver project consists of 18 concessions covering around 12,064 hectares in the Rio Grande Municipality of the Zacatecas Mining District in central Mexico. 	Quaterra Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	May 11, 1993
QIC.U	Quantum International Income Corp (Quantum) is a healthcare company focused on delivering national integrated health solutions in the United States. The Company operates in three segments: Healthcare operation in the United States, operated through Centers for Special Surgery, LLC (CSS); purchase and sale of media content creation and distribution in Canada, operated through Multiple Media Entertainment Inc. (MME), and Other, including head office expenses and office of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Company intends to acquire targets in various related areas of the United States healthcare industry in different geographic regions to allow for diversification. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Quantum CSS Holdings Corp, has formed Centers for Special Surgery, LLC (CSS). A wholly owned subsidiary of CSS, Center for Special Surgery of Essex County, LLC (CSS-Essex), owns the Roseland Assets, including its Ambulatory Surgery Center (ASC) license. 	Quantum International Income Corp	Financials	Investment Services	16	August 15, 1995
QZM	nul	Quartz Mountain Resources Ltd			--	
Q.A	Questfire Energy Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves in Canada. The Company's focus is to generate and develop its own prospects, acquire oil and natural gas properties directly or through farm-in, and participate with joint ventures and other industry partners in oil and natural gas exploration and development in Alberta. 	Questfire Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	23	January 15, 2010
Q.B	Questfire Energy Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves in Canada. The Company's focus is to generate and develop its own prospects, acquire oil and natural gas properties directly or through farm-in, and participate with joint ventures and other industry partners in oil and natural gas exploration and development in Alberta. 	Questfire Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	23	January 15, 2010
QST	Questor Technology Inc. is a Canada-based environmental oilfield services provider focused on clean air technologies with activities in Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia. The Company's principal business activities are designing and manufacturing high combustion efficiency waste gas incinerators for sale or for use on a rental basis and providing combustion-related oilfield services. Its incinerator technology is utilized worldwide in the management of hydrogen sulfide (H2S), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene, and xylenes (BTEX) gases. The Company is focused primarily in the crude oil and natural gas industry. It technology is also applicable to other industries, including landfills, water and sewage treatment, tire recycling and agriculture. 	Questor Technology Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	December 15, 1994
QF	QuikFlo Health Inc, formerly Viper Gold Ltd, is a Canada-based exploration and evaluation-stage company. The Company is an exploration company whose focus is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties with a view to finding and developing mineable deposits of precious and base metals. The Company does not own any exploration property and is not carrying out any exploration programs. It is engaged in assessing new properties and seeks to acquire an interest in properties of merit. 	QuikFlo Health Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 29, 2008
QOP.P	Quinsam Opportunities I Inc, also known as Quinsam, is a Canada-based special purpose vehicle company. It intends to identify and evaluate businesses and assets with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. 	Quinsam Opportunities I Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 9, 2015
QIT	Corporation Capital Quinto Real is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is focused on the exploration, evaluation and development of gold mining properties. It owns a 100% interest in three gold and base metal properties in the Schreiber-Hemlo Camp, which consists of a total of around 20 claims or 169 units located in the Thunder Bay Mining District in Northwestern Ontario, near Terrace Bay. The Corporation also holds a 10% interest in the Monster Lake gold property located in the Chibougamau mining camp in Quebec. The Monster Lake property consists of around 114 mineral claims covering an area of approximately 3,336 hectares. Its other properties include Porter Ranch property, Sawmill Lake Property (SLP), Sawmill Lake Perimeter Property (SLPP) and Little Steel Lake Property (LSLP). The Porter Ranch property consists of approximately 316 acres. SLP and SLPP consist of around nine claims each, and LSLP consists of around two claims. 	Corporation Capital Quinto Real	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 20, 2010
QIS	Quorum Information Technologies Inc. (Quorum) is a Canada-based information technology (IT) company that focuses on the automotive retail business. The Company develops, markets, implements and supports its software product, XSELLERATOR, a dealership management system (DMS) for the automotive market. Quorum's product is delivered to General Motors Corporation (GM), Chrysler, Hyundai, Kia, Nissan, Subaru, NAPA and Bumper to Bumper dealerships across North America. Quorum also supplies its products to independent and some non-automotive dealerships. The Company is a Dealer Technical Assistance Program (DTAP) strategic partner with GM, and both a silver-certified and a Managed Independent Software Vendor (ISV) partner with Microsoft. 	Quorum Information Technologies Inc	Technology	Software	--	May 2, 2000
QQ	nul	Quizam Media Corp			--	
RRR.UN	R&R Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on increasing unitholder value through the acquisition and ownership of hotel properties located in the United States. 	R&R Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 15, 2013
RAK	Rackla Metals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious and base metals properties. It is pursuing opportunities related to exploration of mineral resource properties. It owns 743 claims (15,520 hectares) in the Rackla Belt area, Yukon, of which 230 claims consist of the Scarlet East property and 513 claims the Scarlet West property. The Scarlet East property covers the eastern extension of the belt of rocks. The Sixty Mile Property consists of 638 claims, which are owned 100% by the Company. The property is located approximately 75 kilometer due west of Dawson, adjacent to the Yukon-Alaska border. The Rivier Property consists of 116 quartz claims covering 2,404 hectares, located in the Watson Lake Mining District 80 kilometers southeast of Ross River, Yukon. It holds a 100% interest in the Rivier Property. The Face properties, which are 100% by the Company, consist of 176 contiguous mineral claims. 	Rackla Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 20, 2011
RDS	Radisson Mining Resources Inc. (Radisson) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is involved in the discovery of gold deposits and phosphate. Radisson's asset, the O'Brien project, which consists of over three zones, including Old O'Brien, Zone 36 East and Kewagama, covers approximately 728 hectares in the western part of Cadillac Township, Quebec, in the heart of the Abitibi gold belt. The O'Brien project is located in the Abitibi region in northwestern Quebec. This project also contains the contiguous Kewagama property of Radisson located immediately to the east. The Company's Lac Gouin SSO property is located about 115 kilometers north of Lac Saint-Jean, Province of Quebec; Douay property is located in the province of Quebec, in Douay and Vezza townships and lies about 35 kilometers southwest of the town of Matagami, and Estrades copper and silver property. 	Ressources Minieres Radisson Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 23, 1983
RTI	Radient Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of research, development and commercialization of technology for the extraction, isolation and purification of soluble products from materials using microwave technology. The Company manufactures natural ingredients for customers in the food and beverage, nutrition and supplements, pharmaceuticals and active care industries. Its products include Valerenic Acid 0.8%, Valerenic Acid 1.6%, Flax SDG 20%, Flax SDG 40%, Carnosic Acid 20% and Carnosic 40%. Valerenic Acid 0.8% USP and Valerenic Acid 1.6% USP are powdered extracts of valerian root. Flax SDG 20% and Flax SDG 40% are natural ingredients. Carnosic acid 20% and Carnosic acid 40% are natural antioxidants. Microwave Assisted Processing (MAP) is the Company's technology for natural compound extraction. MAP involves the selective and localized heating of the moisture present in various natural materials using the microwave energy source. 	Radient Technologies Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	May 22, 2014
RMT	Raimount Energy Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the exploration for, development of and production of oil and natural gas properties in Western Canada. At Woolford, Alberta, the Company's land position consists of all Petroleum and Natural Gas (P&NG) rights in around 20,000 acres of land, including 12,549 freehold acres within a unit agreement entitled Woolford Unit No.1; around 6,955 freehold acres within a unit agreement entitled Woolford Unit No.2 and around 797 non-unitized Crown acres. The Company holds around 50% interest leasehold interest in the P&NG rights from surface to basement on this contiguous land position. It owns around 45 Crown-granted claims totaling approximately 1,630 acres, which are located in the Glacier Creek/Albany Creek area on the east side of the Bear River Valley, three miles northeast of Stewart, British Columbia (the Glacier Creek claims). The Glacier Creek claims cover various mineralized, brecciated fissure veins and vein systems. 	Raimount Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	4	June 16, 1987
RNK	Rainmaker Entertainment Inc. (Rainmaker) is a Canada-based producer of computer generated (CG) animation. The Company is engaged in production and distribution of animated films and television programs. The Company provides production services that include contracts for theatrical films, the digital versatile disc (DVD) productions for Mattel, as well as new television series productions. Rainmaker has produced feature length DVDs, game cinematics and television shows based on brands, such as Barbie. The Company announced the re-launching of its television division, Mainframe Entertainment (Mainframe). Mainframe is used for producing the CG animation series, ReBoot. The Company entered into an arrangement with Blockade Entertainment LLC (Blockade), and CNHK Media China and Beijing Ruiqixingqiu Movie and Culture Limited (CNHK) to co-invest and co-produce the film Ratchet & Clank. 	Rainmaker Entertainment Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	97	August 1, 2008
RNK.DB	nul	Rainmaker Entertainment Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	--	
RIR	Rainmaker Resources Ltd is a Canada-based, exploration-stage natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and exploitation of resource properties, including mineral and energy related commodities in Canada and the United States. The Company holds three mineral property interests, including the Dufferin Lake Property, the Jayjay Property and the Jayjay East Property. The Company's Jayjay silica sand project and its Jayjay East silica sand project are located in north-central Saskatchewan, approximately 185 kilometers north-east of Prince Albert SK, and 150 kilometers west of Flin Flon MB. The Jayjay silica sand property consists of 92 Quarry Dispositions (3,637 acres). The Jayjay East silica sand project covers 1,280 acres and consists of three Quarry Permits. 	Rainmaker Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 13, 1979
RMO	Rainy Mountain Royalty Corp is an exploration-stage company. The Company explores for copper, zinc, nickel and precious metals in northwestern Ontario. It has particular focus is on the platinum group metals in association with copper and nickel. It has three flagship assets plus an active portfolio of early stage projects. It has access to rail lines and road links that extend to the Trans-Canada Highway and Highway 61 leading to the United States border. Its properties include Norton-Mc Faulds, Shebandowan, Marshall Lake and Nipigon Plate. The Norton-McFaulds project consists of 11 claim blocks within an approximate 600,000 square kilometer (km) area in the James Bay Lowlands. The Marshall Lake property consists of nine claims plus 86 leased claims (804 claim units) with an area of approximately 163.8 kilometers and is located approximately 252 km northeast of Thunder Bay, Ontario. 	Rainy Mountain Royalty Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	February 5, 2010
RPC	Raise Production Inc. is a development-stage oilfield service company. The Company focuses on the production service sector. Its operations include Engineering, which includes consulting and well evaluation services; Recommendations, which includes down hole equipment including, tubular and surface facility components, and installation of optimization components for well bore and surface facilities; Implementation, which includes well decline monitoring to define timelines when optimization equipment is required; Continuing monitoring, which includes monitoring of well performance and productivity on an individual lease basis, and Optimization Support, which includes the field production operator. 	Raise Production Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	December 23, 1993
RDU	Radius Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in exploring for gold in Latin America. The Company has the option to acquire a 100% interest in the Margarita Project located in the State of Chihuahua, Mexico. The Project consists of two mining exploration licenses comprising a total of 125 hectares located approximately 115 kilometers north west of the silver mining city of Parral, Chihuahua, in the Mexican Silver Belt. The Company also holds 13.5% interest in Southern Silver, which owns the Cerro Las Minitas property located about 70 kilometers to the northeast of the city of Durango in Durango State, Mexico. The property comprises 19 concessions covering approximately 13,700 hectares, and lies within the Faja de Plata (Belt of Silver) of north central Mexico. The Company also has option to acquire a 70% interest in the Blue Hill Property, which consists of 36 federal lode mining claims located on federal land in southeastern Idaho. 	Radius Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	July 1, 2004
RAB	Rambler Metals and Mining plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. It is a junior mining company engaged in the development, mining and exploration of the Ming Copper-Gold Mine located in Baie Verte, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The companys properties are Ming Mine Project, Nugget Pond Mill and Goodyear's Cove Port Site. The Ming Mine is located in Canada, on Newfoundland and Labrador's Baie Verte Peninsula. The Nugget Pond Milling Facility is located on the Baie Verte Peninsula in northeastern Newfoundland. The Companys own a 100% interest in the property. The Companys subsidiaries include Rambler Mines Limited, Rambler Metals and Mining Canada Limited. The Rambler property contains the former producing Ming and Ming West Cu-Au mines. 	Rambler Metals and Mining PLC			--	April 14, 2004
RGI	nul	Reco International Group Inc			--	
RGZ	Randsburg International Gold Corp. is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral property interests in Canada. The Company's Titan Project is an Iron-Titanium-Vanadium project located in Flett and Angus Townships in Ontario. The Titan Project comprises 1,038 contiguous hectares of three claims (48 units) and 17 patented claims. The Titan mineralization is formed by the hydrothermal replacement of mafic to ultramafic rock complex. The host rock is a fine-grained olivine gabbro, with possible troctolitic overtones. The Company holds a 100% interest, subject to a 3% NSR, in certain claims located in Flett Township contiguous to the Titan Project. 	Randsburg International Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 6, 1990
RPR	Rapier Gold Inc. is an exploration-stage company in the business of exploring for gold and is active in the Porcupine Mining District on the Pen Gold South, Pen Gold North and Pen Gold East properties (collectively the Pen Gold Project) located approximately 75 kilometers south west of Timmins, Ontario, Canada. The Pen Gold Project consolidates a land position with a total area of over 16,900 hectares on the western extension of the Porcupine-Destor Deformation (Fault) Zone. The Pen Gold Project consists of three property packages: the Pen Gold North property consisting of 5,600 hectares of 52 leased and subleased mining properties and 30 mining claims, the Pen Gold South property consisting of 10,384 hectares of 57 mining claims, and the Pen Gold East property consisting of 464 hectares make up Pen Gold East. Thirteen drill holes, totaling 4359 meters, were completed in four areas of the Pen Gold Project: Porphyry Hill Area, Talc Mine Area, Midway Area and Westgate Area. 	Rapier Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 4, 2012
RTH	Rathdowney Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is focused on identifying and developing the next generation of base metal deposits. The Company is in the process of exploring its mineral property interests. Its operational segment is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company holds a 100% interest in its Project Olza property, which consists of the Zawiercie, Rokitno and Chechlo exploration permits, covering an area of more than 150 square kilometers in Poland's Upper Silesian Mining District. The Company's subsidiaries include Exploration and Discovery Limited, which is a mineral exploration company; Mayfly Resources Limited, which is engaged in the mineral exploration company and holds interest in Exploration and Discovery Limited; Rathdowney Polska Sp. z o.o, which is a mineral exploration company, and Rathdowney Resources (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., which holds interest in Rathdowney Polska Sp. z o.o. 	Rathdowney Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 3, 2008
ROB	Red Hut Metals Inc. (Red Hut) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring and evaluating its mineral property located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The Company holds a 100% interest in around 11 mineral claims located in the Alberni and Nanaimo Mining Divisions of British Columbia, more commonly known as the Conuma Property. The Conuma Property is an early-stage exploration property located in central west coast Vancouver Island approximately 80 kilometers west of Campbell River, British Columbia and 28 kilometers northwest of Gold River, British Columbia, within the Alberni Mining Division of British Columbia. The claims cover an area of approximately 6,098 hectares, including the Norgate prospect. 	Red Hut Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 16, 2010
RD	Red Eagle Mining Corporation is a Canada-based gold exploration and development company developing the San Ramon Deposit within the Santa Rosa Gold Project. The Company is primarily engaged in the exploration, development and permitting of its mineral properties. It is in the exploration and development-stage. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company owns the Santa Rosa Gold Project, located in Antioquia, Colombia. The 100% owned over 10,000 hectare Santa Rosa gold project is an intrusive hosted quartz stockwork system located within the prolific Antioquia Batholith near the town of Santa Rosa de Osos and around 70 kilometers north of Medellin. 	Red Eagle Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	January 4, 2010
RMK	Red Moon Potash Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, evaluation and exploration of mineral properties in Newfoundland and Labrador. The Company focuses on defining and developing a potash/salt deposit. The Company intends to develop properties as joint ventures, bring them into production, option or lease properties to third parties, or sell the properties outright. The Company has approximately 10 mineral licenses, which consist of approximately 900 claims. These licenses are in the exploration and evaluation stage. The Company's Captain Cook Salt project covers approximately 920 claims over 23,000 hectares in the Bay St. George Basin of Western Newfoundland, a sub-basin within the regional Maritimes Basin. The Company has approximately 140 additional mineral claims in the Bay St. George basin as an extension of its existing salt/ potash project. 	Red Moon Potash Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 15, 2011
RPX	Red Pine Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in identification, acquisition and exploration of gold and base metal projects in Northern Ontario, Canada. The Cayenne-Chili property is situated in the Genoa and Marion Townships of the Porcupine Mining Division, located 110 kilometers southwest of Timmins, Ontario and covers an area of approximately 4096 hectares. The Butler-Yarie Property located 20 kilometers south-west of Chapleau Ontario, on the boundary of Hill, Bliss, Gilliland and Strathearn townships and covers an area of 1,386 hectares. The Costello Property consists of nine claims units totaling approximately 160 hectares in Bristol Township. The MT Logano property is located approximately 11 kilometers east of the Dome Mine, east of Timmins, Ontario and covers an area of 33.9 square kilometers. The Moffatt property is located 10 kilometers northwest of the town of Atikokan and covers an area of 17.8 square kilometers. 	Red Pine Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	July 22, 1936
ROC	Red Oak Mining Corp., formerly Universal Wing Technologies Inc., is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company has working interests in the Provost 02/13-17 Gas Well. It also has interests in the Provost Project, Alberta. The Company was previously engaged in the development and acquisition of geophysical data for oil and gas, and resource exploration industry, using unmanned airborne vehicle (UAV) technology through its subsidiary Universal Wing Geophysics Corp. The Company has not generated any revenues from its business. 	Red Oak Mining Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	April 17, 1979
RPN	Red Pine Petroleum Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company has 60% interest in certain of its oil and gas wells located in north central Alberta. 	Red Pine Petroleum Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 30, 2008
RMN	Red Tiger Mining Inc. is engaged in copper cathode production, and in the exploration and development of copper and gold projects through its wholly owned subsidiary, Minerales Libertad, S.A. de C.V. (ML) at San Antonio de la Huerta, in the state of Sonora, Mexico. Its projects include Luz del Cobre (LdC) and San Antonio. The LdC project is located in San Antonio de la Huerta, in the state of Sonora, Mexico, approximately 160 kilometers east of Hermosillo, the capital city of Sonora. The Company owns the 11,200 hectares San Antonio property in the State of Sonora, Mexico. The San Antonio Mineral Property is located east of the city of Hermosillo, Sonora State, Mexico, within the Soyopa and San Javier municipalities, which comprises of over 42 contiguous mining claims (Lotes or Fundos Mineros) totaling approximately 11,240 hectares. It also has the Sapuchi Gold Project (Sapuchi) and other prospects on approximately 11,240 hectare property held by ML, at various stages of exploration. 	Red Tiger Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	38	March 29, 1983
RHR	Redhill Resources Corp. is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company seeks to acquire and develop various oil and gas resource properties. The Company's projects include Montney and GORR Lands, which are located in Alberta, Canada. The Montney Leases cover approximately 2,048 hectares in North Western Alberta, have a four year exploration term, and require annual lease rentals of $7,168. The Company's GORR Lands Leases are located in North Western Alberta. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is ATW Gold Corp Australia Pty Ltd. (ATW Australia). 	Redhill Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 7, 2005
KUT	RediShred Capital Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in managing and operating the Proshred brand and business platform in the United States and internationally (with the exception of Canada). The Company operates two business segments: the granting and managing of shredding business franchises under the Proshred trademark (Franchising and licensing) and the operation of corporately owned shredding businesses (Corporate locations). The Company operates the Proshred brand and business platform under three business models: franchising in the United States, through direct ownership of shredding trucks and facilities in six locations in the United States and licensing internationally. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Professional Shredding Corporation, Proshred Franchising Corp., Redishred Holdings US Inc., Redishred Acquisition Inc. and Proshred Charlotte Inc. 	Redishred Capital Corp	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	October 18, 2006
RGC	Redstar Gold Corp. (Redstar) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral targets in Alaska and Nevada, the United States and in the Red Lake region of north-western Ontario, Canada. Its mineral properties include Newman Todd Property, Red Lake, Ontario, Canada; Nevada, the United States, and the Unga Project, Alaska, the United States. It owns around 10 properties in Nevada, which include Root Spring Property, which consists of around 61 staked claims, and is located south of the city of Winnemucca and east of the open-pit Rochester silver mine. The Unga Project is a land package consisting of approximately 250 square kilometers of subsurface mineral rights and surface use agreements leased to the Company (TAC Lands), and mining claims owned by the Company that consists of around 16 patented mining claims (Apollo-Sitka Trend) and six State of Alaska mining claims (Shumigan Prospect). 	Redstar Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 29, 1983
REZ	Redzone Resources Ltd. (Redzone) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company holds around 55% controlling interest of the Lara Property in southern Peru. The Lara Property is made up of two porphyry centers known as Lara and Socos. The Company has completed diamond drilling totaling around 6,500meters on the Lara property in southern Peru, Ayacucho department. The Lara Property is located at moderate elevation, approximately 40 kilometers from the Pan American Highway and around 400 kilometers south of Lima on the southern coast of Peru. It consists of three mineral concessions, covering an area of around 1,800 hectares. The Lara property is situated within the central portion of the Cretaceous to early Tertiary Coastal Batholith that extends at least 800 kilometers and consists primarily of granodiorite and tonalite. 	Redzone Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 23, 2005
RRE	Reg Technologies Inc. is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of developing and commercially exploiting an axial vane-type rotary engine known as the RadMax rotary technology (the Rand Cam Engine). The Company's Rand Cam Engine is used in the design of engines, compressors and pumps. The Company holds the Rand Cam Engine's marketing rights around the world, exclusive of the United States. The Company's products and projects include RadMax Pump and RadMax Compressor. The Company's RadMax Pump and RadMax Compressor are under development. The Company has not received any revenues from its operations. 	Reg Technologies Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	0	October 6, 1982
RPP	Regent Pacific Properties Inc. is a Canada-based real estate development company. The Company has an investment property, which is located in Edmonton, Alberta. 	Regent Pacific Properties Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	August 31, 2007
REG	Regulus Resources Inc. (Regulus) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged principally in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company owns interests in a project located in Peru (the AntaKori Property), a project located in Chile (the Puchuldiza Property), a project located in Argentina (the Rio Grande Property) and a project located in Nevada (the Golden Brew Property). The Company owns or controls 20 mineral concessions, totaling 289 hectares, in the AntaKori project, located in northern Peru. The Puchuldiza Au project is located 230 kilometers northwest of Iquique in the Comuna de Colchane, Tamarugal Province, Region I, Chile. The Rio Grande Project is located in Salta Province, northwestern Argentina. The Golden Brew Property is located in north-central Nevada. The Company also holds five early-stage exploration projects in Argentina and one early-stage project in British Columbia. 	Regulus Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	September 30, 2014
REK	Reko International Group Inc. is a Canada-based designer and manufacturer of customized engineering solutions to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and their Tier I suppliers in dynamic sectors as rail equipment, oil and gas distribution, mining, military, and automotive. These products include custom machining of very large castings and assemblies to high precision tolerances, specialty machines and lean cell factory automation, compression molds, hydroform dies, plastic injection molds, fixtures and gauges. For the automotive industry, the Company concepts, designs and builds innovative solutions to manufacturing challenges, including specialty machines for gas tank assembly lines, work cell solutions for compression molds, plastic secondaries, as well as compression molds, hydroform dies, two shot molds and plastic injection molds. The Company has extensive experience and knowledge in mold design and material flow and the impact of pressure on segments of the mold. 	Reko International Group Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	400	October 25, 1976
RRL	Relentless Resources Ltd. (Relentless) is a Canada-based oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development, acquisition and production of natural gas and medium to light gravity crude oil reserves in Alberta. The Company's properties include Peace River Arch AB, Pine Creek AB, Gilby AB, Willesden Green/ Ferrier AB, and Heathdale AB. The Peace River Arch AB is an 8,200 acres property and includes Doe Creek, Charlie Lake, Doig and Montney. The Pine Creek AB is a 4,000 acres property. The Gilby AB is a 26,900 acres property and includes Ellersile, Glauconite and Viking. The Willesden Green/ Ferrier AB is a 14,240 acres property and includes Viking, Second White Specs. The Heathdale AB is a 6,000 acres property and includes Glauconite, Detrital Banff. 	Relentless Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	April 7, 2004
RLV	Relevium Technologies Inc, formally BIOflex Technologies Inc, is a Canada-based capital pool company. The principal business of the Company is to identify and evaluate assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. 	Relevium Technologies Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 19, 2012
RGM	Remington Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company holds an interest in two properties in Canada. The Company's Mineral Hill Gold-Silver Property (Mineral Hill) is located to the south of Stump Lake and 42 kilometers northwest of Merritt, in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Blunt claims that is located in the Omineca Mining Division, British Columbia. 	Remington Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 21, 2004
RER	Remo Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resources in Canada. The Company holds interest in seven contiguous mineral claims comprising approximately 1,914.4 contiguous hectares located in the Iskut River District of northwestern British Columbia, which is known as the Adrian Project (the Property). Its vein type mineralization (referred to as Area's A, C, D and 1134) consistes of detailed soil geochemical surveys and systematic trenching and sampling to establish vein thicknesses and provide un-oxidized material for follow-up petrographic work. A has a total of 162 soil samples and 46 rock samples. It has gold values in soils of up to 245 parts per billion (0.245 g/t). Petrographic evaluation of the rock has gold deposit located approximately 20 kilometers to the south. 	Remo Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 2, 2011
REN	Renaissance Gold Inc. is a Canada-based gold/silver exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties located in Nevada and Utah. It acquires mineral properties through staking and from third party vendors, some of which are subject to a net smelter return royalty. The Company holds its interest in the Arabia project, located in Pershing County, Nevada; Buffalo Canyon, located in Nye County, Nevada; Fireball Ridge, located in Churchill County, Nevada; Fourth of July, located in Pershing County, Nevada; Gilbert South, located in Esmeralda County, Nevada; Golden Shears, located in Clark County, Nevada; Maggie Creek, located in Eureka County, Nevada; Silicon, located in Nye County, Nevada; Secret Canyon, located in Pershing County, Nevada; Trinity Silver project, located in Pershing County, Nevada; Whistler, located in Eureka County, Nevada, and Wood Hills South, located in Elko County, Nevada. 	Renaissance Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	8	May 25, 2010
ROE	Renaissance Oil Corp., formerly San Antonio Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in developing a diversified shale and mature fields portfolio for development in Mexico and Spain. The Company operates through three segments: Canada, Spain and Mexico. The Company's focus is the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties. The Company wholly controls the Fame Property, which is located in the Chilcotin region of southwest British Columbia. The Fame Property consists of around 11 contiguous mineral tenures totaling approximately 3,200 hectares. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries: R2 Energy Ltd. and Renaissance Oil Corp. S.A. de C.V. In addition, the Company has approximately 40% interest in Montero Energy Corporation S.L. 	Renaissance Oil Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 9, 2010
ROE.WT	nul	Renaissance Oil Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ROE.WT.A	nul	Renaissance Oil Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
RW	RenoWorks Software Inc. is a Canada-based company that develops and distributes digital visualization software for the renovation and new home construction sectors. The Company's software and Web solutions use digital imaging to showcase interior and exterior building products on a picture of a customer's room, home or blueprint. The software allows users to envision various before and after design options using a database of actual manufacturer's products. The Company's software products include Renoworks Openings, Renoworks Surfaces, Renoworks Home and Renoworks Pro. The Company's flagship software product Renoworks Pro provides access to numerous digital product libraries from a range of product manufacturers, enabling user to redesign any exterior or interior room scene. 	Renoworks Software Inc	Technology	Software	--	June 26, 2000
RP	RepliCel Life Sciences Inc. is a regenerative medicine company focused on developing autologous cell therapies that treat functional cellular deficits. The diseases being addressed are chronic tendinosis, skin aging, and androgenetic alopecia (pattern baldness). Each disease state is consistent with a deficit of a specific cell type, which the Company believes is critical to normal function. All treatments under development are based on the Company's technology, which utilizes cells isolated from a patient's own healthy hair follicles. These products are built on the Company's manufacturing platforms and are covered by issued and filed patents, as well as trade secrets. The Company is also developing a programmable injector device designed for dermal injections of cells as currently approved dermal filler products. 	RepliCel Life Sciences Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	4	June 22, 2011
REC	Reliant Gold Corp. (Reliant) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal operation is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral property interests containing precious metals. The Company's exploration activities are at an early-stage. The Company's properties include Borden Lake and East Bay. It owns around 49% interest in the Borden Lake South Property, consisting of 288 claim units (approximately 11,525 acres), located near Chapleau, Ontario. The Borden Lake South Property is located approximately two kilometers south of the Probe's Borden Lake gold project and is prospective for gold and copper mineralization. The Company's East Bay property consists of around 56 claim units totaling approximately 896 hectares in the McVicar Lake area located approximately 90 kilometers west of Pickle Lake. 	Reliant Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	July 11, 2005
REO	Reservoir Capital Corp. (Reservoir) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and development of renewable energy projects in southeast Europe. The Company holds about two energy licenses at Brodarevo to develop run-of-river hydroelectric projects (HPP) on the river Lim in Serbia. The Company is engaged in the development of waste-to-energy and recycling projects in southeast Europe. The HPP have an aggregate design capacity of approximately 59.1 megawatts (MW). The Company holds an exploration permit to develop a geothermal energy project at Vranjska Banja in southern Serbia. The license covers approximately 17.5 square kilometers in area. Its project Brodarevo 1 covers the river Lim upstream of Brodarevo to the Montenegro border. Its project Brodarevo 2 covers the river Lim down-river of the town of Brodarevo, to the Bosnian (Serbian Republic) border. 	Reservoir Capital Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	November 15, 2007
RMC	Reservoir Minerals Inc. is an exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of precious and base metal deposits and other resource opportunities in Europe and West Africa. The Company holds a portfolio of projects in Serbia, which include gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc exploration projects, where four licenses are subject to earn-in agreements in which partners are funding the exploration costs. The Company also conducts exploration activity in Macedonia, Romania and West Africa. In Africa, the Company has a portfolio of four exploration licenses in Cameroon and Gabon targeting greenstone belts. The Companys focus is to seek partners through joint ventures to fund exploration activities and project development. 	Reservoir Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 25, 2011
RGD	Reunion Gold Corporation is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company, through Reunion Manganese Inc. (RMI), its wholly owned subsidiary, holds four prospecting licenses for manganese, which includes the Matthews Ridge project located in the North West District of Guyana, South America. The prospecting licenses cover an area of approximately 45,729 acres (185 square kilometers) and are centered on the manganese mine at Matthews Ridge and Pipiani. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include RMI Manganese Ltd., Northwest Utilities Inc. and New Sleeper Gold (USA) Ltd. 	Reunion Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 1, 2004
RVA	Reva Resources Corp. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of base metals in British Columbia, as well as it is seeking acquisitions. The Company's Mineral Hill property covers an area of approximately 2,870 hectares. A prospecting and sampling program was completed on Mineral Hill. 	Reva Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 6, 2004
RVL	Revelo Resources Corp., formerly Iron Creek Capital Corp., is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business activities are the acquisition and exploration of base and precious metals properties in Chile. It has a 100% interest in 17 projects totaling approximately 300,000 hectares in northern Chile. Of these projects 12 are focused on copper, with bi-product molybdenum and gold; three are focused on gold and two are focused on copper and one royalty interest in a copper-silver-gold project. The Montezuma property is located in northern Chile approximately 20 Kilometer south of the mining town of Calama. The Block 2 property is located in northern Chile and is centered approximately 125 Kilometer east-southeast of the coastal port city of Antofagasta. Las Pampas is located in northern Chile. T4 is located approximately 190 Kilometer north-northeast of the Manto Verde (Anglo American) and Santa Domingo (Capstone) mines. 	Revelo Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 14, 2006
RIN	Resinco Capital Partners Inc. is a Canada-based investment company. The Company is engaged in providing early-stage financing to private and public exploration and mining companies in the hard rock minerals, precious metals, rare-earth minerals, oil, gas, water and renewable energy markets. The Company is primarily focused on the junior mineral resource sector. 	Resinco Capital Partners Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	May 25, 2004
REQ.P	Revelstoke Equity Inc is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company's principal business is the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to complete a qualifying transaction. The Company is in the business process of identifying acquisitions. 	Revelstoke Equity Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
RVV	Revive Therapeutics Ltd. is a Canada-based clinical-stage company. The Company is focused on commercializing treatments for gout and orphan drug indications, such as cystinuria, Wilson disease and Rett syndrome. The Company's business model focuses on finding new uses of old drugs through drug repurposing with the objective of finding an appropriate partner or partners to bring the new use drug to the marketplace. The Company is focused on the development of its candidate, REV-002, which is bucillamine for treatment of gout. Other candidates in the Company's product pipeline include REV-001, which is tianeptine for treatment of opioid-induced respiratory depression in a perioperative setting; REV-003, which is tianeptine for treatment of Rett Syndrome; REV-004, which is bucillamine for the treatment of cystinuria, and REV-005, which is bucillamine for the treatment of Wilson disease. 	Revive Therapeutics Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 27, 2012
RZ	Revolver Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. The Company is focused on conducting an exploration program on the Chita Claims in British Columbia. The Company entered into an agreement with Pistol Bay Mining Inc. (Pistol Bay) and can earn around 60% interest in the Summit B property, located in northwestern British Columbia. The approximate 1,394.53 hectare Property is located in the Iskut area of northwestern British Columbia, Canada, and is contiguous with North Rok copper-gold property. The Company announced drill results of two of the three holes drilled revealing several intersections of copper mineralization associated with quartz-carbonate veins and fracture filling. The Company has encountered a number of pyrite+/-chalcopyrite-bearing quartz-carbonate (calcite-ankerite-dolomite) veins throughout the core. 	Revolver Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 10, 2007
RCG	Resource Capital Gold Corp., formerly Reliance Resources Limited, is a Canada-based exploration and resource development company. The Company focuses on gold and silver project in Nevada. The Company has a portfolio of approximately four gold exploration permits on the islands of Sulawesi and Halmahera in East Indonesia. The Company's exploration projects on Sulawesi Island include Tanoyan and Palopo projects, which cover an aggregate of over 8,750 hectares. The Company's Roko and Kapa Kapa projects are held in a total of approximately 17,890 hectares of island arc terrain on Halmahera Island. The Company's projects on the island of Halmahera lie approximately 70 kilometers north of Newcrest Mining Limited's Gosowong gold mine. The Company holds approximately 75% interest in the Tanoyan project, approximately 90% interest in the Palopo project, approximately 82.5% interest in the Kapa Kapa project and approximately 82.5% interest in the Roko project. 	Resource Capital Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 20, 1987
RSV	nul	Resolve Ventures Inc			--	
RFC	Rifco Inc, through its subsidiary Rifco National Auto Finance Corporation is engaged in providing automobile loans through its dealership network across Canada. Rifco National Auto Finance Corporation provides consumers with financing options on new and used vehicles. The Company specializes in building long-term partnerships with dealers by investing time in personalized services through dedicated account representatives. The Company funds its Finance Receivables through Bank Borrowing and Securitization. The Companys Auto Financing is available to both Franchise and Independent Dealers who want to create a partnership. The Company operates in Alberta, Ontario, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and the Atlantic provinces. 	Rifco Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	December 1, 2000
RJX.A	RJK Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of early stage mineral resource properties. The Company focuses on gold, silver and base metals in British Columbia, and platinum and palladium in Ontario. The Company's mineral properties include West Blackwater Property, Stares-Goldie Property, East Blackwater Property, Northeast Blackwater Property and Other Blackwater Properties. The Company holds a 50% interest in conjunction with its joint-venture partner, Mistango River Resources Inc., on their 1,400 hectare Goldie gold property. 	RJK Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 28, 1922
RYE	Rhyolite Resources Ltd. (Rhyolite) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in the United States. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets are located in Alaska, the United States. The Company has interest in nine mineral claims covering around 1,140 acres in the eastern Alaska, which is known as the Paxson gold project. The Paxson gold project is located around 50 kilometers southwest of Tok in eastern Interior Alaska within the Yukon-Tanana terrane. The Paxson gold project covers an area within the Tintina Gold Belt, a metallogenic province stretching from Northern British Columbia to Southwest Alaska. The metallogenic province is host to gold deposits, such as Pogo, a five million ounces (mining) deposit; Fort Knox, a seven million ounces (mining) deposit, and Livengood, a 16.5 million ounces (mining) deposit. The Company's subsidiaries include Paxson Resources (USA) Inc. and Paxson Resources Ltd. 	Rhyolite Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 6, 2006
RMD	Richmond Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in base and precious metal mining and related activities, including exploration and development in Northern Ontario and Quebec. The Company is focused on exploration of the Ridley Lake Gold Project located in the central Ontario's Swayze Greenstone Belt. The Ridley Lake Gold project is located in Rollo and Raney Townships, Porcupine Mining Division or more specifically approximately 40 kilometers southwest of the town of Foleyet and around 120 kilometers west-southwest of the city of Timmins. The Ridley Lake Gold project consists of approximately 154 contiguous unpatented mining claims. The Company owns interest in the central core of 35 mining claims and in the surrounding 119 mining claims. The Company didn't generate any revenues. 	Richmond Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	
RLY.P	Riley Resources Corp. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company's business objective is to identify and evaluate assets or businesses with a view to acquisition or participation by completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has no business operations and not generated any revenues. 	Riley Resources Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 3, 2011
RYO	Rio Silver Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing precious and base metal deposits in the Americas, and is also focused on properties in Canada and Peru. The Company's properties are Ninobamba Silver project, Gerow Lake Project, and Other Peru Concessions. The Company's Ninobamba property is located in a silver district approximately 330 kilometers southeast of Lima in the Department of Ayacucho, Peru and consists of approximately 2,100 hectares. The Company's approximately 600-hectare Rumicruz project is located south and east of Mina Huachocolpa. The Company's Gerow Lake properties are located in the Archean aged Superior Province, within the Pierce-Ponask-Sachigo greenstone belt, in the northwest quadrant of the James Bay Lowlands, Red Lake Mining District, Ontario. 	Rio Silver Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 16, 2000
RCT	Rochester Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of its mineral property interests in Mexico. The Company's Mina Real Mexico S.A. de C.V. holds the Mina Real Property, a gold and silver property located in the state of Nayarit, Mexico, east of the state capital city of Tepic. The Mina Real Property is producing gold and silver, and consists of around six concessions located near Tepic, Mexico. The Company's Compania Minera Santa Fe S.A. de C.V. holds the Santa Fe gold and silver property located east of the Mina Real Property. The Company's San Francisco Property consists of around 12 concessions located approximately 60 kilometers west of its mill on the Mina Real Property. The Company has ongoing exploration and development programs at Mina Real to identify additional mineralized material to provide mill feed for operations. 	Rochester Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	September 7, 1989
RCK	Rock Tech Lithium Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Georgia Lake lithium project in the Thunder Bay Mining District of Ontario. The Georgia Lake project consists of eighty-one leases and twenty-two claims covering 4,594 hectares. The project is located in an area underlain by metasediments and metavolcanics of Archaen age. The Georgia Lake pegmatites contain lithium-bearing spodumene. The Company has an indicated resource estimate of 3.19 million tons grading 1.10% lithium oxide and an inferred resource estimate of 6.30 million tons at 1.00% lithium oxide. 	Rock Tech Lithium Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	
RRI	Riverside Resources Inc. (Riverside) is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets in the Americas, including Canada, the United States and Mexico. The Companys projects include Tajitos Gold Project, Cajon Gold Project, Penoles Project, Coatan Property, Clemente Project and Sierra Salada Project, which are located in Mexico; Sugarloaf Peak Project, which is located in United States, and Swift Katie Project, which is located in Canada. The Companys Tajitos Gold Project, which is located in Sonora, Mexico, consists of three blocks of concessions: Tajitos, El Tejo and Cortez. The Tajitos Project hosts a mineralized gold system in northwestern Mexico. 	Riverside Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 4, 2006
RBX	Robex Resources Inc. (Robex) is a Canada-based mining exploration and development company, focusing on gold projects in the country of Mali, West Africa. The Company holds five exploration licenses. Two of its permits are situated in southern Mali (Mininko and N'Golopene), while the other three are located in the western area of the country (Diangounte, Sanoula and Kolomba). It is focused on the permits of Mininko and Diangounte and its Nampala deposit. Its Diangounte Project includes the Diangounte license, which covers approximately 52.14 square kilometers (km2). Its Sanoula exploration permit covers approximately 31.5km2. The Mininko exploration permits covers approximately 62km2. The Kolomba exploration permits covers approximately 64km2. The N'golopene exploration licenses covers 114km2. Robex owns 85% interest in the Diangounte project, 100% interest in the Sanoula project, 100% interest in the Mininko project, 100% interest in its Kolomba and 25% interest N'golopene project. 	Robex Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
RCU	Rockcliff Copper Corporation, formerly Solvista Gold Corporation, is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company focuses on the discovery and resource expansion of its mineral properties at its Snow Lake Project. The Company's Snow Lake Project is located in central Manitoba and it covers around 35,000 hectares of area. The Company's Snow Lake Project include a volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) high grade copper rich NI 43-101 Resource (Rail); two historic high grade VMS copper deposits (Lon and Talbot); a net smelter return royalty on the Tower Property, which hosts the T-1 Copper Deposit, numerous untested geophysical anomalies, and additional properties with VMS potential. The Company owns a zinc-silver rich NI 43-101 Resource in Shihan, Ontario. The Company also controls around two gold projects, Caramanta and Guadalupe located in Colombia, South America. These two projects cover approximately 44,000 hectares in the Antioquia province of Colombia. 	Rockcliff Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 27, 2011
RK	Rockhaven Resources Ltd. (Rockhaven) is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is engaged in exploring for metals and minerals, primarily gold. The Company is focused on wholly owned Klaza property in the Yukon. The Klaza property consists of 449 mineral claims and covers an area of 86 square kilometers. All of the claims are located in the Whitehorse Mining District, approximately 50 kilometers west of the community of Carmacks, in southern Yukon Territory. Rockhaven holds an unencumbered 100% interest in 353 of the 449 claims consisting the property. The Klaza property hosts carbonate base metal gold (CBM) style mineralization within multiple, sub-parallel vein and breccia zones. 	Rockhaven Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 9, 2009
RL	Rockland Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. The Company is focused on the acquisition of interests in, and exploration for, Gold, Copper, Nickel, Platinum Group Metals in the province of Quebec, Canada. The Company operates in the segment of the mineral resource industry with its exploration activities conducted in Canada. The Company has approximately four material exploration properties consisting of the Blue Lake copper- nickel-PGM property (Blue Lake Property), Retty Lake copper-nickel-PGM property (the Retty Lake Property), Blue Lake South copper- nickel-PGM property (Blue Lake South Property) and the Schefferville Gold Property (the Schefferville Gold Property). The Company's exploration properties are located in the Schefferville area of Quebec, Canada. 	Rockland Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 12, 2008
RRC	Rockridge Capital Corp. is a Canada-based gold resource exploration company focused on advancing its and gold project in Mali, West Africa. The Company is in the process of exploring and developing its properties. The Company's activity is exploring and developing the Fatou property and the investigation of other potential transactions in the spectrum of mineral resource exploration and development. The Fatou Concession is located in southern Mali approximately 300 kilometers southeast of Bamako, the capital city of Mali. The Company owns its 100% interest in the project and operates it as the owner. The Company's subsidiary is Rockridge Mali SARL. 	Rockridge Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 12, 2007
RBE	RockBridge Resources Inc. (RockBridge) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties. The Company earns its revenues through the sale of oil and gas through third party operators. The Company has a 50% interest in the Knopcik area gas property. The Company has interests in certain assets of Avatar Energy Ltd of Calgary from 25% to 95% in five wells producing a net of approximately 36 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOEPD), weighted 35% to crude oil and natural gas liquids and 65% to natural gas. The Company also has interest in the gas properties in the Clarke Lake area of north-eastern British Columbia, which includes non-operating working interests from 9.40% to 25% in several unit wells. The Companys wholly owned subsidiary is RockBridge Energy Alberta Inc. 	RockBridge Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 20, 2007
RHC	Rockefeller Hughes Corporation (RHC) is an oil and gas exploration and production company. The Companys projects include Halo Project, East Texas; Wharton County Prospect, South Texas; Woodbine Formation/Cotton Valley LS Pinnacle Reef, East Texas. Halo Project is a 20,000 acre AMI (Area of Mutual Interest) with Hawkwood with 10,637 total net acres (Company net interest: 10,105 net acres in the Buda/Georgetown Formations and 2,659 net acres in the Eagle Ford Formation) and is located in Robertson County, Texas. It comprises eight producing wells, including Eagle Ford well. Wharton County is a joint Venture with Black Pearl Holdings, LLC and is located in Wharton County, Texas. The Company holds 30% working interest in the project. Woodbine Formation/Cotton Valley LS Pinnacle Reef comprises 4 Wells with potential of 150 barrel oil per day (BOPD) from each well. 	Rockefeller Hughes Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 15, 2008
RUM.DB	nul	Rocky Mountain Liquor Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
RUM	Rocky Mountain Liquor Inc. is the parent to wholly owned subsidiary, Andersons Liquor Inc. (Andersons). Andersons owns and operates private liquor stores in Edmonton, Alberta. The product mix generally offered by Andersons at its retail stores includes beer, spirits, wine and ready to drink liquor products, as well as ancillary items, such as juice, ice, mix and giftware. Andersons operates and owns approximately 46 stores, which includes 12 stores in Northern Alberta, 22 stores in Central Alberta and 12 stores in Southern Alberta. 	Rocky Mountain Liquor Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	December 14, 2007
RM	Rodinia Lithium Inc. (Rodinia) is a mineral exploration company, which is engaged in the lithium exploration and development in South America. Rodinia's key asset is the Salar de Diablillos in Salta, Argentina. The property covers an area of approximately 5,756 hectares in the Puna region of north western Argentina. Rodinia's Salar de Diablillos lithium-brine project contains a recoverable inferred brine resource of approximately 2.8 million tons of lithium carbonate and approximately 11.2 million tons of potassium chloride. Rodinia has the right to explore and harvest the lithium-bearing brines within the mining leases owned by Borax Argentina S.A., as well as the rights to an additional three mining leases and two exploration leases on the salar. The Borax Argentina mining leases cover an area of approximately 2,700 hectares representing over 90% of the Salar nucleus, while the remaining tenements consist of the remainder of the 5,786 hectare Diablillos property. 	Rodinia Lithium Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 3, 2009
RJ	Rojo Resources Ltd, formerly Lucky Strike Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based company engaged in mineral exploration activities in Canada and the United States. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties of merit in Canada. The Companys projects include Western Athabasca Syndicate Project (WASP), Preston Lake, South basin and wheeler. WASP is located in the Athabasca Basin area comprising over 700,000 acres. WASP property contains uranium deposits. Preston Lake property consists of 246,643 ha of area. South Basin property is located within the Virgin River geological domain. Wheeler River has one claim (4,763 hectares). 	Rojo Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
RRS	Rogue Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Companys project portfolio includes Femelle Silica, the East?West Gold project, Quebec, its wholly owned Langmuir nickel deposit, Ontario, the Radio Hill iron ore, and a zinc?lead?copper discovery in Bathurst. The Radio Hill Iron Ore property comprises a 12,000 hectare land package. The Langmuir Property includes over 30 km of terrain comprised of ultramafic and mafic flows and sills favorable for hosting nickel, copper and platinum group mineralization (PGM). Rapier Gold Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Rogue Resources, is a gold focused mineral exploration company holding land claim option agreements with Rio Tinto plc. The East-West Project consists of seven claims in Dubuisson Township, Quebec in which its operating mines in proximity to this trend include Agnico Eagle's Goldex Mine and Osisko's Malartic Mine. 	Rogue Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	--	January 10, 1985
ROL.P	Roll-Up Capital Corp is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses to complete a qualifying transaction. The Company has not commenced any operations. The Company has not generated any revenue. 	Roll-Up Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 7, 2015
RG	Romios Gold Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company with a focus on gold, copper and silver. The Company's projects are located in British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec and Nevada. Its mineral claims in the Golden Triangle area of northwestern British Columbia include Trek and Newmont Lake, which includes zones known as Burgundy Ridge, Northwest, Telena, 72, Ken, Argent and Andrei zones. Its total land position is approximately 76,000 hectares in the Golden Triangle area. It also has interest in the Newmont Lake Project area in the Burgundy Ridge, Argent Showing and Ken Zone. Its Timmins-Hislop Property is located on the southwestern edge of the Porcupine-Destor Fault. Its Lundmark-Akow Lake property is located in the center of the North Caribou Lake greenstone belt in northwestern Ontario. It also owns the Scossa Gold property located six miles from the Rosebud Mine. Its La Corne molybdenum, bismuth and lithium property is located in northwestern Quebec. 	Romios Gold Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
ROM	Romulus Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in North America. The Company holds a 100% interest in Vera Property, consisting of four claims covering 742.083 hectares (1,8324.94 acres), situated in the Vernon Mining Division, British Columbia. 	Romulus Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 22, 2005
COQ	Rooster Energy Ltd. (Rooster) is an oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in exploration and production business, and downhole and subsea well intervention and plugging and abandonment service business. The Company's operations are located in the state waters of Louisiana and the shallow waters of the Gulf of Mexico. The Company's exploration and production business consists of around 43 gross wells. The Company's well services business primarily provides plugging and abandonment services in the shallow waters of the Gulf of Mexico with around 16 rigless sets of plugging and abandonment equipment. The Company's eight operated properties are located at Vermilion 67, Vermilion 376, West Delta 44/45, Eugene Island 18, Eugene Island 28, High Island 141, Grand Isle 70 and East Cameron 36. 	Rooster Energy Ltd			--	1988
RST	Midlands Minerals Corporation (Midlands) is a Canada-based is a junior prospecting company. The Company is focused on targeting and advancing global exploration opportunities in demand commodities. The Company operates a diversified gold and diamond project portfolio in Ghana and Tanzania, and a lead-zinc-silver project in Serbia. Its Parlozi project is a 91-square kilometer exploration permit that is located approximately 35 kilometers south of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. The Parlozi permit covers occurrences of lead-zinc-silver mining in the Kosmaj-Babe area of the Sumadija mining district. The mineralization in the permit consists of silver-bearing vein and replacement-type lead-zinc sulphides hosted by carbonate sedimentary rocks associated with intrusive Tertiary quartz latite dykes and volcanic breccias. 	Rosita Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 2, 2004
ROT	Rotation Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in British Columbia, Canada. It focuses on gold and silver exploration and development. Its Four J's Property consists of approximately five claims and is located near Stewart, British Columbia. Its Scottie Property consists of approximately two claims and over 10 Crown-granted claims, and is located near Stewart, British Columbia. Its Black Hills Property is located in the Skeena Mining Division of British Columbia and consists of approximately four claims. The Company has not generated any revenue. 	Rotation Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 24, 2009
ROU	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
ROI	Route1 Inc. is a Canada-based provider of security and identity management solutions to corporations and Government agencies that need access to all digital resources and sensitive data. The Company's communications and service delivery platform, MobiNET, provides identity assurance and individualized access to networks and data. The Company's MobiKEY technology allows agencies to grant their employees remote access, while ensuring Government data always remains within the Government network. The MobiKEY devices include MobiKEY Classic 2 device, MobiKEY Classic device and the MobiKEY Fusion devices and appliances include the DEFIMNET platform and the MobiNET Aggregation Gateway. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Route 1 Security Corporation. 	Route1 Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	47	October 14, 2004
RKR	Rokmaster Resources Corp. (Rokmaster) is a Canada-based company primarily engaged in the acquisition of mineral resource properties and the exploration and development of such properties for minerals. Minerals of interest to the Company include precious metals, base metals and industrial minerals. The Company's principal exploration areas of interest are North America, Central America and South America. The Company has two mineral properties under option, the Pinaya Gold- Copper Project in Peru and the Big Copper property in Canada. The Pinaya Project covers 25 kilometer of the south-eastern portion of the newly emerging Andahuaylas- Yauri Porphyry Belt, along the north-eastern edge of the Western Andean cordillera. The Big Copper Property is located in the Fort Steele and Slocan Mining Divisions, British Columbia, Canada and is approximately 45 kilometer by road west of Kimberly, British Columbia. 	ROKMASTER Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	December 21, 2010
REL	Roughrider Exploration Limited (Roughrider), formerly Westham Resources Corp., is a Canada-based uranium exploration company. The Company is engaged in uranium mineral exploration in the Athabasca Basin region of northern Saskatchewan. Roughrider's Genesis property consists of 53 mineral claims, totaling around 200,677 hectares (495,883 acres), located northeast of Saskatchewan's Athabasca Basin, and within the Wollaston-Mudjatk Transition Zone. The Company also owns 100% interest in seven properties, namely, Mozzie Lake property, consisting of two claims totaling 4,098 hectares; the Fire Eye Lake property, consisting of a single claim of 2,662 hectares; Knoke Lake property, consisting of two claims totaling 1,239 hectares; the Neely-Elke property, consisting of a single 316 hectare claim; the Walker Creek (three claims of 2,298 hectares) and Laverdiere Creek (one claim of 376 hectares) properties, and the Douglas River property, consisting of seven claims totaling 4,865 hectares. 	Roughrider Exploration Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 7, 2011
RSY	nul	RSI International Systems Inc			--	
RTM	RT Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Canada and Guyana, South America for hosting gold and base metal deposits. The Company holds interests in the mineral resource properties in Canada, which include Ballard Lake Gold Property, Bazooka Gold Property, McWatters Gold Property and Golden Stock Gold Property. The Company's Ballard Lake Gold Property is located approximately 50 kilometers northeast of Wawa, Ontario in which the Company owns a 100% interest. The Company's Bazooka Gold Property is located near Rouyn Noranda, Quebec in which the Company owns a 100% interest. The Company's McWatters Gold Property is located near Rouyn Noranda, Quebec in which the Company owns a 100% interest. The Company's Golden Stock Gold Property is located near the Cairo Township in Matachewan, Ontario in which the Company owns a 100% interest. 	RT Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 9, 2007
ROG	Roxgold Inc. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral properties, and developing these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company owns a 90% interest in the Yaramoko exploitation permit. The Yaramoko permit covers approximately 196 square kilometer (km2) in the Province of Bale in southwestern Burkina Faso. In addition, the Company has a 100% undivided interest in the Yaramoko and Solna exploration properties. The Company is in the development stage of activity on its Yaramoko property and in the exploration and evaluation stage on its other properties in Burkina Faso. 	Roxgold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
RYR	Royal Road Minerals Limited, formerly Kirkcaldy Capital Corp., is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is focused on the discovery, acquisition and development of gold and copper projects in the eastern and western Turkey. The Company's projects include Pertek, Gomec and Ugur Tepe. Its Pertek project includes the north-south gold and copper mineralization. Its Gomec project includes porphyry-related gold mineralization. The Company's Gomec project drilling is focused primarily on Kubaslar in the northeast that targets east-west stratabound zones and silicified northwest-southeast brittle shears. The Company's Ugur Tepe program is focused primarily on centralized copper-gold porphyry body. 	Royal Road Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 6, 2010
RSL	Royal Sapphire Corp. (Royal Sapphire) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring natural resource properties in Canada. The Company does not hold any known mineral reserves. 	Royal Sapphire Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 2, 2011
RNP	Royalty North Partners Ltd., formerly Bluefire Mining Corp., is a Canada-based investment issuer. The Company is focused providing royalty financing to private businesses operating outside of the natural resource and commodity sectors. The Company's objective is to build a diversified portfolio of cash-flowing royalty investments. The Company offers royalty financing to general manufacturing, industrials, healthcare, business/technical services and technology sectors. The Company offers royalty financing for expansion, acquisition, securitization, succession planning, shareholder buyout and debt repayment. 	Royalty North Partners Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 17, 2011
RUN	Running Fox Resource Corp. is engaged in the exploration, development and exploitation of mineral resource properties in Canada and the United States. The Company owns an interest in an oil and gas project in Alberta in the Pincher Creek Gas Field. It also owns a gold project in British Colombia that is under an agreement with Ximen Mining Corp. The Company acquired an option interest in a natural gas project in the lower Foothills area of Alberta known as the Pincher Creek Gas Field. The Company's option interest covers approximately 27 sections of development/exploration acreage (gross approximately 17,280 acres of Pincher Creek Gas Field). The Company has one subsidiary, Running Fox (US) Inc. 	Running Fox Resource Corporation	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 1, 1981
RUP	Rupert Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based gold exploration company. The Company is seeking out mineral exploration and evaluation opportunities and has two projects located in Ontario and British Columbia. The Company holds a 100% interest in over 21 year mining lease consisting of mineral claims located in the Balmer Township, Red Lake Mining Division of Ontario, subject to approximately 1.5% net smelter returns royalty (NSR). The Company holds a 100% interest in the Surf Inlet Gold property on Princess Royal Island, British Columbia, consisting of approximately 21 Crown Grants and approximately nine mineral tenures on the property covering a total area of approximately 874 hectares. 	Rupert Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	February 11, 1981
RUG	Rugby Mining Limited is a Canada-based mineral resource company. The Company is engaged in exploring gold, silver and copper. The Company's projects include Cobrasco Porphyry Copper Project, Comita Porphyry Copper Project, Mabuhay Gold Project, The Great Northern Gold Project and Hawkwood Property. Its Cobrasco Porphyry Copper Project is located in Colombia, approximately 100 kilometers southwest of Medellin in the Choco Region of Colombia. The Company's Comita Porphyry Copper Project is located in Colombia, which is adjacent to Rugby's Cobrasco concession. Its Mabuhay Gold project is located approximately 12 kilometers south of Surigao City, the capital city in the province of Surigao del Norte, Philippines. The Company's Great Northern Gold Project is located in Australia. Its Hawkwood Property is situated near Hawkwood in south eastern Queensland, Australia. The Company operates in Canada, Colombia, Australia and the Philippines. 	Rugby Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 24, 2007
RML	Rusoro Mining Ltd is a Canada-based is a gold producer and explorer, with a large land position in the Bolivar State mining region in southern Venezuela. The Company has two mines in production and ten exploration projects (including development and exploration around the mines) which range from early stage to advanced/development stage gold projects in Venezuela. The Choco 10 and Isidora mines, near the town of El Callao, produce 150,000 ounce Au net to Rusoro and total production guidance is 110,000 ounce Au. It owns and operates the Choco Mill Facility and has a 95% ownership in the Choco 10 Mine. 	Rusoro Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	785	March 1, 2000
RYU	nul	RYU Apparel Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	11	December 4, 2014
RPM	Rye Patch Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Rye Patch Gold US Inc., is engaged principally in the acquisition and exploration of gold and silver properties in the State of Nevada, United States. The Company activities are focused on two geological trends in Nevada: Oreana Trend and Cortez Trend. The Oreana Trend includes Lincoln Hill Resource project and Wilco Resource project. The Cortez Trend includes Garden Gate Pass, exploration drilling and Patty, exploration drilling. The Lincoln Hill Resource project consists of one patented lode claim and unpatented mining claims. The Wilco Resource project consists of two gold resources, Section Line and Colado. The Garden Gate Pass property abuts the Goldrush discovery and the Patty project sits to the south and in the same geologic environment along the trend. 	Rye Patch Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 2006
RB	Russell Breweries Inc. is a Canada-based brewing company. The Company through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Russell Brewing Company Ltd. and Fort Garry Brewing Company Ltd. operates two craft breweries producing beers for pubs, restaurants and liquor stores. &#160;The Company offers its products under various categories that include super premium, premium, session, value, seasonal and partnership. The Company offers its products under the brands that include Russell Nectar of the Gods Wheat Wine Ale, Fort Garry Kona Imperial Stout, Russell Hop Therapy ISA, Black Death Porter, A Wee Angry Scotch Ale, Blood Alley Bitter, Fort Garry Portage and Main IPA, Fort Garry Big Bison, Russell Cream Ale, Russell Pale Ale, Fort Garry Dark, Fort Garry Pale, Fort Garry Rouge, Fort Garry Premium Light, Fort Garry Lime Lager, Fort Garry Rocky Mountain Pilsner, Fort Garry Two Rivers Lager, Russell White Rabbit, Russell lemon Ale, Russell Summer Daze, Pemberton Pilsner, Cactus IPA and Angry Fish Pilsner.&#160; 	Russell Breweries Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Brewers	50	March 23, 2000
SHM	Saccharum Energy Corp. (Saccharum) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas reserves in Western Canada. Saccharum produced an average of approximately 13 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd). 	Saccharum Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 15, 2007
SGX	Sage Gold Inc. (Sage) is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. Its projects include Clavos gold and Lynx polymetallic project in Ontario. The Lynx project forms part of the Onaman property is a polymetallic copper, gold and silver project and is 100% owned by the Company. In addition to the Lynx project, the Company also has a portfolio of exploration properties in the Northwestern Beardmore-Geraldton Gold Camp in Northern Ontario. The Clavos mine is located within the Timmins Mining camp in German, Stock and Clergue townships. The Onaman Lake Project Area covers approximately 8352 hectares; King Solomons Pillars project covers approximately 282 hectares of land and water located in Walters Township, Ontario, and the Clist Lake project is located near northeast of Thunder Bay, Ontario. 	Sage Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 1, 1997
SAH	Sahara Energy Ltd. is a junior resource exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties (primarily oil and gas). The Company's business is focused on the exploration and evaluation of various oil and gas properties in Saskatchewan and Alberta. 	Sahara Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 5, 2005
SME	Sama Resources Inc./Ressources Sama Inc. (Sama) is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development business with activities in Africa. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets are located in the Republic of Cote d'Ivoire and the Republic of Guinea, Africa. The Company's subsidiaries include Sama Nickel Corporation, Sama Nickel Cote d'Ivoire SARL and Sama Resources Guinee SUCC. The Company's properties include Samapleu Property, located approximately 600 Kilometer northwest of Abidjan; Lola Property, 100% owned by the Company and located in eastern Guinea; Lola Graphite Property, 100% owned by the Company and located in eastern Guinea; Worofla Property, 100% owned by the Company and located 130 kilometers northeast of the Samapleu Property, and Zeregouine Property, 100% owned by the Company and located adjacent to the Samapleu Property. 	Sama Resources Inc			0	May 13, 2013
SJL	Saint Jean Carbon Inc. (St. Jean) is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior resource company involved in the acquisition and exploration of property interests. The primary focus of the Company is the acquisition of lump graphite properties mainly in the province of Quebec, and developing, marketing and distribution opportunities. It holds properties in Quebec, Ontario, British Columbia and Manitoba, which include Walker, Wallingford, St. Jovite, Clot, East Miller and Page. The Walker property consists of 19 claims for a total area of 1,142.55 hectares. The Wallingford property consists of two claims totaling 120.16 hectares. St. Jovite property consists of a continuous block of seven claims for a total of 418.2 hectares. The Clot property consists of five claims for a total of 297.35 hectares. The Miller East property consists of nine mineral claims covering approximately 540 hectares. The Page property consists of 16 claims comprising 256 hectares. 	Saint Jean Carbon Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 18, 1997
SGA	Samco Gold Limited (Samco Gold) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company that acquires, explores and develops mineral properties in South America. The Company owns approximately 55,000 hectares of mineral exploration concessions comprising 10 projects, all of which are located on the Deseado Massif in the Province of Santa Cruz, Argentina. Its principal project consists of the El Dorado, Monserrat and adjacent Judite property, which together cover approximately 8,000 hectares and on which the Company has identified six key target areas for further exploration. The El Dorado Monserrat project is situated contiguous to the western boundary of the license area of the Cerro Vanguardia gold-silver mine. It is conducting exploration work on the Corina project, which consists of three concessions situated on the northern boundary of the Cerro Moro project owned by Yamana Gold Inc. All of the Company's properties are at an early stage of exploration. 	Samco Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 16, 2009
SCD	Samoth Oilfield Inc. (Samoth) is engaged in the development and production of natural gas, and natural gas liquids in western Canada. The Company's producing assets include Garrington and Willesden Green Properties. Garrington gas property is located approximately 35 miles west of Red Deer, Alberta in Townships 36 to 37, Range 5 W5M where three wells are producing. The property consists of five zones, three wells of which are producing from the Edmonton Formation. Samoth owns working interests ranging from 70% to 82.5% in these producing wells. Willesden Green gas property is located approximately 15 miles east of Rocky Mountain House, Alberta in Township 39, Ranges 5 to 6 W5M. Willesden Green gas property consists of three gas wells, two of which are producing from the Edmonton Formation. 	Samoth Oilfield Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 8, 2006
SAO	San Angelo Oil Ltd., headquartered in Vancouver, Canada, is a junior natural resource company. The Company through its subsidiary, SAOC, is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of conventional oil and natural gas properties. San Angelo Oil Ltd. was founded on February 11, 2014. 	San Angelo Oil Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 11, 2014
SAO.WT	nul	San Angelo Oil Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
SRL	Salazar Resources Limited is Canada-based is a mineral resource company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Ecuador and Colombia. The Company has no proven or probable reserves. The Company's concession holdings in Ecuador cover approximately 39,371 hectares comprising Curipamba Project, which consists of seven concessions totaling approximately 24,639 hectares; Rumivahui Project, which consists of two concessions totaling over 2,910 hectares; Mendez Project, which consists two concessions totaling approximately 9,472 hectares and Santiago Project, which consists one concession totaling over 2,350 hectares. The Company's principal asset, which has been the focus of its work programs, is the Curipamba Project where the precious metals rich El Domo volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) deposit has been discovered. 	Salazar Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	July 23, 1987
SMN	San Marco Resources Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and advancement of mineral properties in Mexico. The Company's exploration portfolio includes the Cuatro de Mayo, Angeles and Los Carlos projects in Mexico and the Alwin copper project in British Columbia, Canada. The Cuatro de Mayo Project is located in Sonora State, Mexico, approximately 160 kilometers east of Hermosillo. The Company is 100% owner of the Angeles property, which is located in Sonora State, Mexico and comprises approximately 1,282 hectare land package. The 100% owned Los Carlos project is located in Sonora State, Mexico. Los Carlos is located in the prolific Sonora Mojave Megashear of Mexico. The Alwin project is located in south-central British Columbia, Canada, approximately four kilometers west of and contiguous to Teck's Highland Valley Copper Mine. This copper-focused property consists of two claims totaling approximately 534 hectares. 	San Marco Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 27, 2005
STA	Sanatana Resources Inc. (Sanatana) is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets. Its operations are focused on the Watershed Property in Ontario. The Watershed Property includes a 50% interest in 46 mining claims and a 10% interest in three mining claims, which covers a total of approximately 7,900 hectares. The project area is located along Highway 144 between Sudbury and Timmins near the town of Gogama. The Watershed Property area includes a complex mafic to felsic metavolcano-sedimentary supracrustal sequence of rocks intruded in places by diorite to tonalite rocks of the Chester Intrusive Complex. It has a joint venture agreement with Trelawney Augen Acquisition Corp., which grants Sanatana an option to acquire up to 51% of the Watershed Property consisting of 46 mining claims totaling approximately 19,000 acres in the townships of Yeo, Chester, Neveille and Benneweis. 	Sanatana Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 25, 2004
SSP	Sandspring Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based resource exploration company. The Company is focused on the exploration for, and resource expansion of, gold and related minerals in Guyana, South America. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary ETK, Inc., is engaged in exploring and developing the Toroparu Project (the Upper Puruni Property). The Upper Puruni Property is located within the Company's 242,690.8 acres mineral exploration concession area in the Upper Puruni River Area, Region 7 of northwestern Guyana, South America. The Upper Puruni Property consists of seven small scale claims, 158 contiguous medium scale prospecting permits (PPMSs) and 25 medium scale mining permits (MPs) that together cover an area of 184,693 acres and five contiguous prospecting licenses (PLs) that cover an area of 43,465 acres. 	Sandspring Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 31, 2010
SFM	Santa Fe Metals Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is a mineral exploration and predevelopment company focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of projects located in Canada. The Company's properties include Sully Property, British Columbia, Canada; Iron Range Property, British Columbia, Canada, and Cuatro Cienegas Project, Coahuila State, Mexico. Its Sully Project is located in the Rocky Mountains approximately 30 kilometers (kms) east of the Sullivan sedimentary exhalative (SEDEX) silver, lead and zinc mine at Kimberley, British Columbia. Its Iron Range Property is located approximately 15 kms north-east (NE) of Creston in south-east British Columbia. The Company's subsidiaries include 0803198 B.C. Ltd. and 0803203 B.C. Ltd. 	Santa Fe Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 27, 2006
STC	Sangoma Technologies Corporation (Sangoma) is a provider of hardware and software components that enable or enhance IP Communications Systems for voice, data and video applications for both telecom and datacom applications. Sangomas connectivity solutions are used in unified communications, PBX, IVR, contact center and data-communication applications worldwide. The Companys product line includes data and telecom boards for media and signal processing, as well as gateway appliances and software. 	Sangoma Technologies Corp	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	
SCZ	Santacruz Silver Mining Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the operation, exploration and commercial exploitation of mining concessions in Mexico, with a primary focus on silver, but also, including gold, lead and zinc. The Company is focused on its producing property, the Rosario Mine. In addition, the Company is also exploring three other mineral properties, being the San Felipe Project, which is an advanced-stage project; the Gavilanes Project, which is an exploration project, and the El Gachi Property, which is an early-stage exploration project. The Rosario Mine consists of the Rey David and San Rafael mining concessions located in the Municipality of Charcas in the State of San Luis Potosi, Mexico, approximately 184 kilometers north of the capital city of San Luis Potosi. 	Santacruz Silver Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	12	January 24, 2011
SVT	Savant Explorations Ltd. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of mineral resource properties located in Canada, the United States and Chile. The Company's 3500 hectare Gabriela porphyry copper property is located in Chile's prolific Paleocene porphyry copper district and is approximately 60 kilometers north of BHP Billiton's Spence mine and 40 kilometers west of Codelco's Chuquicamata mine. The Company's Yava Property is located in Nunavut and consists of two mineral leases totaling 1,280 hectares. The Company's Blue Moon Property is located in the Mother Lode District of California and contains a polymetallic massive sulfide resource. It owns patented and unpatented lode mineral claims totaling 179 hectares in Mariposa County, California. 	Savant Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 15, 2007
SWA	Sarama Resources Ltd. (Sarama) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal business objective is to explore for and develop gold deposits in West Africa. The Company has exploration landholdings in Burkina Faso, Liberia and Mali. Its Burkina Faso properties cover an area of around 2,775 square kilometer. Its primary exploration focus has been the South Hounde Project, which is situated in southwest Burkina Faso near the borders of Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire and south-west of the national capital of Ouagadougou. The South Hounde Project is located in the Hounde Belt, which hosts the Mana Gold Mine and Hounde Gold Project. The Tankoro property is part of its South Hounde Project. Its other Burkina Faso properties include Nianie and Tyikoro permits. The Company has interests, both directly and indirectly, in five properties covering a total of around 780 square kilometers in area. It has interests in one property covering around 110 square kilometers in Mali. 	Sarama Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 8, 2010
SCA	Savary Gold Corp. (Savary) is a Canada-based company focused on exploring the Hounde South and Serakoro 1 Gold Properties (Karankasso Joint Venture) in Burkina Faso. The property is in the Birimian age Hounde Greenstone Belt, which hosts Semafo's Mana mine and other gold deposits. The Company's Hounde South property consists of two exploration licenses, Diosso and Mandiasso, covering a total of approximately 375 square kilometers, and another 125 square kilometers of concessions (collectively, the Property). The Property is located in southwestern Burkina Faso in the Houet and Camoe provinces. The Property is underlain by north trending packages of Birimian volcanic, volcano-sedimentary and intrusive rocks. The Diosso South zone lies near the south central part of the southern block of the Hounde South concessions and consists of four parallel mineralized zones. The Serakoro 1 West zone lies along the western edge of both the Serakoro 1 concession and the Hounde greenstone belt. 	Savary Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 15, 2008
BUD	Satori Resources Inc. is an exploration- and development-stage company. The Company is primarily directed towards exploration and development of mineral properties located in Canada. It is involved in mineral exploration and development of the Tartan Lake Gold Mine Project near Flin Flon, in the Province of Manitoba. The Tartan Lake Gold Mine Project is a mineral property with a past-producing underground mine. The project consists of a 440 million ton per day gold concentrator, related infrastructure and a decline providing access to developed mining blocks within the Main and South Zones to a vertical depth of 320 meters. The property has hydro connections. 	Satori Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 24, 2011
SMI	Saturn Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based junior energy company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, evaluating and developing energy and resource deposits in Canada. The Company's current focus is to advance the exploration of its coal and oil & gas properties in Eastern Saskatchewan and Western Manitoba. The Company's 100% owned Armit property consists of 23 Coal Prospecting Permits of approximately 17,664 hectares in size. Its Overflowing property consists of five Quarry Leases located in the province of Manitoba. Its Red Earth property consists of six Coal Prospecting Permits totaling 4,608 hectares in size and located in Saskatchewan. The Company's Little Swan and Bannock Creek projects are located in province of Saskatchewan, consisting of over 376,800 acres. Both permits are located in the Williston Sedimentary Basin. The Company also has 100% interest in the Apex 3 and 4 mineral claims located in the New Westminster Mining Division, British Columbia. 	Saturn Minerals Inc	Energy	Coal	--	August 16, 2001
SDX	SDX Energy Inc. is an international exploration, production and development company, with a principal focus on Egypt. In Egypt, the Company has an interest in two production concessions: NW Gemsa and West Gharib both located in the Eastern desert. Its portfolio also consists of South Ramadan, a development asset in the Gulf of Suez; South Disouq, an exploration asset in the Nile Delta; and Bakassi West, an exploration block in Cameroon within the prolific Niger Delta Basin. 	SDX Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	35	March 28, 2006
SGN	Scorpio Gold Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the mining exploitation, exploration and development on mining properties, principally in the United States. The Company has one operating mine and a service toll milling facility. The Company has two segments: Mineral Ridge and Goldwedge. The Mineral Ridge Property is located about 56 kilometers southwest of Tonopah, Nevada and consists of several consolidated claim blocks and historic mining operations. Its total land package consists of 616 unpatented mining lode claims, one unpatented mill site claim and 55 patented mining claims covering a total of 12,426 acres. The Goldwedge property, including the Goldwedge mine and a processing plant, is located approximately 55 kilometers northeast of the town of Tonopah, in west-central Nevada. 	Scorpio Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 29, 2006
SBX	Sea Breeze Power Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of developing utility-scale renewable energy and independent transmission systems. The principal business activity of the Company is the development of hydro-electric, wind power generation and transmission projects in British Columbia, Canada. The Company also provides consulting services to third parties on matters and activities relating to renewable energy technologies. The Company's Cascade Heritage Power Project is a 28 megawatts run-of-river hydroelectric facility. The Company holds 45 investigative use permits for wind farms on approximately 193,000 hectares of land in British Columbia. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Sea Breeze Energy Inc., Sea Breeze Management Services Inc., Powerhouse Developments Inc., Powerhouse Electric Corp. and Knob Hill Holdings Corp., among others. 	Sea Breeze Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	January 18, 1979
SDS	Seair Inc. is a water technology company and provides diffusion technology with applications in various industry sectors. The Company is focused on developing and selling wastewater and industrial fluid treatment solutions in the oil and gas, mining and municipal sectors. It also develops solutions for agriculture, greenhouses, food processing and industrial emissions treatment. The Company's systems are used in a range of other applications in various industries, such as oil sands; mining dewatering; pond and lagoon treatment; pulp and paper; sterilization; horticulture; aquaculture, and golf course irrigation and pond treatment. Its Seair system has been shown to remove over 95% of Naphthenic acids in oil sands process water. It is also capable of removing organic contaminants in solution. Its system removes bacteria, viruses and heavy metals from water sources. Its Seair Power Sterilizer is designed to oxidize and kill algae, fungi, parasites, bacteria and other harmful organisms. 	Seair Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	April 12, 2001
SMY	Search Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company operates in two lines of business, which include mineral exploration for strategic metals, including but not limited to, dysprosium, neodymium, tin and tungsten, and the research and development of the starved acid leaching technology (SALT). The Company is focused on pursuing opportunities and partnerships in strategic metals. The Company is developing the Foxtrot Rare Earth project in Labrador and the Port Hope Simpson REE District in Labrador. The Company's main focus in the Port Hope Simpson REE District is on metallurgy at the Foxtrot Project and the exploration for additional Foxtrot-like deposits at other targets throughout the Fox Harbour volcanic belt. The Company's mineral properties include Strange Lake Property, Labrador and Red Wine Property, Labrador, among others. 	Search Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 7, 2007
SRE	nul	Saville Resources Inc			--	
SEW	Seaway Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based company. Previously, the Company was engaged in the provision of environmental consulting services to the petroleum and natural gas industry. 	Seaway Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	September 4, 1998
SEK	Secova Metals Corp. is a Canada-based natural resource company, engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. The Company is actively searching for new projects. 	Secova Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 22, 2004
SVO	Savoy Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business activities of acquisition and exploration of mineral property assets. It operates in the mineral resource industry segment with all exploration activities conducted in Canada. The Company has an option to acquire a 100% interest in sixteen mineral claims situated in the township of Hyman of the Sudbury Mining Division in Ontario. 	Savoy Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 7, 2011
SZM	ScoZinc Mining Ltd., formerly Selwyn Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in zinc and lead mining and related activities, including the exploration and evaluation of mineral property interests. The Company is focused on the ScoZinc mine, which is located near Halifax, Nova Scotia. The zinc-lead mineralization at Scotia Mine is hosted within a Carboniferous limestone reef that flanks the edges of the Windsor Basin in central Nova Scotia. The Company has the necessary approvals to restart operations of the ScoZinc mine. The restart of the ScoZinc mine provides the Company with an operating base in Nova Scotia to engage in other exploration and development opportunities. 	ScoZinc Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	18	March 9, 2004
SRO	nul	Section Rouge Media Inc			--	
SDZ	Security Devices International Inc. (SDI) is a defense technology company. The Company is specialized in the development, manufacturing and sale of next generation less-lethal ammunition. This ammunition is used by the military, correctional services and police agencies for crowd control. SDI's 40 millimeter less-lethal weapon technology can be used over both short, as well as long distances. The Company has two products, which include Blunt Impact Projectile 40 millimeter (BIP) and Wireless Electric Projectile 40 millimeter (WEP). It has developed the BIP, a blunt impact projectile, which uses pain compliance to control a target. The Company is developing five versions of the standard BIP, four of which contain a payload and one of which is a training round. The Company has undertaken substantial work to develop the WEP, a wireless electric projective, which releases an electrical pulse that induces a muscle spasm and causes the target to fall to the ground helpless. 	Security Devices International Inc			0	March 1, 2005
SGZ	Sego Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company in the process of exploring and developing its mineral property interests. It has not determined whether its properties contain economically recoverable reserves of ore. Its principal property is the Miner Mountain Project. The Miner Mountain Project is a copper gold porphyry project near Princeton, British Columbia, 15 kilometers north of Copper Mountain Mining Corporation's Mitsubishi's Copper Mountain Mine. It is based in the Quesnel Stikine Terrane. The Miner Mountain property is 2,056.54 hectares in size. The Company is involved in mineral exploration and development. All of the Companys assets are located in Canada. 	Sego Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 11, 2005
SNS	Select Sands Corporation is a Canada-based resource exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company holds two blocks of claims in north central Saskatchewan, which includes the Amisk Lake block and the Deschambeault Lake block. The Company's Amisk Lake block is located approximately 30 kilometers southwest of Creighton. The Company's Deschambeault Lake block is located along the southeast shore of Deschambeault Lake. In addition, the Company's property includes Sandtown, which is a 520 acres greenfield frac sand exploration prospect. Its Sandtown property is located in north central Arkansas, approximately three kilometers west of the town of Cave City, United States. 	Select Sands Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 31, 2006
SNR	Senator Minerals Inc. is a junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral resource properties, and either joint venturing or exploring and evaluation these properties further or disposing of them when the evaluation is completed. The Company's exploration interest is its 100% interest in the Taurus property, a porphyry copper-molybdenum-gold deposit in the Tintina Gold Belt in southeastern Alaska. 	Senator Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	1972
SN	Sennen Potash Corporation (Sennen) is a Canada-based natural resource company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has interests in the Monument Potash Project (Monument), which consists of over 100,000 net mineral acres of mineral leases in southeast Utah and southwest Colorado, and is located less than 70 miles from Intrepid Potash Corp.'s operating Cane Creek Solution Mine. The Company is also engaged in drilling of Johnson 1 potash exploration well and it consists of grade potash mineralization over a thickness of 6.3 meters (20.6 feet) at Monument. Its Johnson 1 well intersected potash mineralization containing 46.1% KCl (29.1% K2O). The Company's Johnson 1 well is located approximately 2 kilometers (1.3 miles) southeast of the Western Natural Charles Red oil and gas well which indicated a cycle 18 total thickness of approximately 107 meters (350 feet). 	Sennen Potash Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 10, 1981
SIO	SENSIO Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company that develops and markets stereoscopic technologies for consumer electronics, digital broadcasting and digital cinema markets. The Company operates 3DGO!, which is a transactional video-on-demand three-dimensional (3D) service using SENSIO Hi-Fi 3D. The Company's technology solutions include SENSIO Hi-Fi 3D, SENSIO 3D Encoder, SENSIO 3D Decoder and SENSIO Autodetect V2.4. SENSIO Hi-Fi 3D is a set of technologies, comprising the SENSIO 3D Encoder and the SENSIO 3D Decoder, that provides fidelity to the original 3D image. SENSIO 3D Encoder family provides a solution for encoding stereoscopic 3D signals into all the frame-compatible formats. SENSIO 3D Decoder family provides a solution for decoding all the frame-compatible 3D formats. SENSIO Autodetect is designed to detect all the frame-compatible stereo 3D video formats, such as SENSIO Hi-Fi 3D, side-by-side, top-and-bottom or a two-dimensional (2D) signal. 	Sensio Technologies Inc	Technology	Computer Hardware	--	December 19, 2005
SIR	Serengeti Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company has two principal areas of focus: advancement of its flagship Kwanika copper-gold resource-stage project located in British Columbia, and exploration of its portfolio of properties in the Quesnel Trough and Stikine Arch of British Columbia. The Company's properties include Kwanika property, Milligan West property and Other British Columbia Properties. The Kwanika property is 100% owned by the Company and located in the northern portion of the Quesnel Trough, British Columbia. The Company holds around 50% interest in the Milligan West property in joint venture with Fjordland Exploration Inc. The Company owns a 100% interest in around 17 properties and around 65.2% interest in three others in joint venture with Fjordland Exploration Inc. 	Serengeti Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 5, 1973
SVA	Sernova Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage regenerative medicine company. The Company is focused on commercializing the Cell Pouch, a scalable, implantable, medical device for the transplantation and survival of therapeutic cells, which then release proteins and hormones for the long-term treatment of various diseases, such as diabetes, hemophilia and thyroid disease. The Company is also developing Sertolin and other local immune protection technologies to create an immune privileged environment and protect the Cell Pouch transplant. The Company's primary program is the clinical development of the Cell Pouch for treatment of patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. The Cell Pouch enables islets to be transplanted subcutaneously. 	Sernova Corp	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	November 1, 2001
SCG	SelectCore Ltd. is a Canada-based provider of prepaid payment solutions for underserved markets. The Company offers a range of prepaid products and services from stored-value cards to mobile top-up to a market of underbanked consumers. The Company provides private label card solutions for multiple programs and sales verticals, including Government Benefits, Emergency Aid, Employee Payroll, Healthcare, Insurance Claims and Remittance. Its point of sale platform provides real-time, electronic distribution and activation for prepaid financial products and services. The Company's subsidiaries include 1382285 Ontario Limited (SelectComm), 2143436 Ontario Limited (SelectCore Comm), Local Fone Service, Inc. (LFS), SelectCore USA, LLC (SelectCore US) and 2314606 Ontario Limited (SelectCore Financial Services). 	SelectCore Ltd	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	10	February 23, 2004
SG	SG Spirit Gold Inc. is an exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral resource properties. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets are located in Canada. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets include Purcell LOV Property (LOV Property), Purcell-Rub Property and Purcell-Zinger Property. The Company's LOV Property is located in the East Kootenay region of British Columbia. The Company owns a 100% interest in the LOV Property, which consists of four claims, covering approximately 1,175 hectares. 	SG Spirit Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 19, 2006
SXR	SGX Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties in the Timmins region of Ontario, Canada. The Company is engaged in exploration programs on two properties, Timmins South in Sothman Township and Timmins North in Tully Township. The Company holds a number of properties within the Timmins gold camp, with gold exploration diamond drilling programs at the Tully and Edleston projects, both of which are located within the Timmins gold camp. The Tully gold deposit is located 20 kilometers north of Timmins and 12 kilometers east of the Kidd Creek base metal mine. Timmins South (Edleston) is located approximately 60 kilometers to the south of Timmins, Ontario. The Company also holds a 31.5% stake in the Davidson-Tisdale property, a high-grade gold deposit located in North-Eastern Timmins, Ontario. 	SGX Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 5, 2008
SNM	ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in providing oil and gas exploration and development activities. The Company's principal asset is approximately 20.10% direct working interest in Atrush petroleum property located in Kurdistan in Northern Iraq (Kurdistan). The Company is in the pre?production stage of its appraisal and development program relating to the Atrush oil discovery on the petroleum property. The Company's business is carried on through its various subsidiaries, including 0861963 B.C. Ltd., ShaMaran Petroleum Holdings Cooperatief U.A., ShaMaran Ventures B.V., ShaMaran Petroleum B.V., ShaMaran Services S.A. and General Exploration Partners, Inc. 	ShaMaran Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	10	December 29, 2006
SJR.A	Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw) is a diversified Canadian communications and media company. Shaw is engaged in the business of providing broadband cable television, High-Speed Internet, Home Phone, telecommunications services (through Shaw Business), satellite direct-to-home services (through Shaw Direct) and engaging programming content (through Shaw Media). The Company operated through three principal business segments such as Cable, consisted of cable television, Internet, Digital Phone and Shaw Business operations; Satellite, consisted of direct-to-home (DTH) and Satellite Services; and Media, consisted of television broadcasting. Shaw Media operates as conventional television networks in Canada, Global Television, and numerous specialty networks. It provides customers with entertainment, information and communications services, utilizing a variety of distribution technologies. 	Shaw Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	14000	December 9, 1966
SGW	Shoal Games Ltd., formerly Bingo.com, Ltd., is a social bingo game provider. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of owning and marketing Trophy Bingo, a non-gambling social bingo game. The Company operates in two business segments: the sale of in-app purchases on Trophy Bingo and the business of marketing games and entertainment based on the game of bingo through its Internet portal, bingo.com. Trophy Bingo is a puppy themed bingo adventure where players must win their way through 120 levels of bingo challenges. Trophy Bingo is available in the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store. Trophy Bingo also offers in-app advertising to its players in a non-intrusive manner on a pay per view basis to the Company. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include English Bay Office Management Limited, Shoal Games (UK) plc, Coral Reef Marketing Inc. and Shoal Media Inc. 	Shoal Games Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	1	April 7, 2005
SIE	Sienna Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in identification, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets consist of mineral properties, and oil and gas properties in Canada. The Company's properties include Haldane Silver Prospect, Ross Silver Prospect and other claims in Haldane Silver Property, Yukon; Grand-Vallee North Aluminous Clay Prospect, which is located approximately 32 kilometers northeast of Murdochville, Quebec; Lezai Gold Prospect, which is located approximately 100 kilometers north west of Chibougamau, Quebec, and White Gold prospect, which is located in the region of the White and Yukon Rivers. 	Sienna Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4	March 11, 1983
NAA	Sierra Iron Ore Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of precious metal properties in Mexico and Canada. The Company holds a right to earn around 60% of the iron mineralization located on a property, the Emerald Lake Property, located north of the town of Emo, Ontario. The Emerald Lake Property is owned by Emerald Lake Development Corporation. The property consists of an approximately kilometer long segment of a linear tabular body existing along a strike length of approximately 31 kilometers. The Company owns a free-hold farm property in Ontario, which is an approximately 170 acre property, including a four bedroom house and out buildings suitable for storing equipment. 	Sierra Iron Ore Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 20, 2009
SSG	Sigma Industries Inc. is a Canada-based manufacturing company specializing in the production of composite components. The Company has operations in the heavy-duty truck, coach, transit, machinery, and wind energy markets. The Company sells its products to the original equipment manufacturers and distributors in the United States, Canada and Europe. Its subsidiaries include Rene Composites Materials Ltd. (Rene) and Faroex Ltd. (Faroex). Rene Composites Materials Ltd. is located in Saint-Ephrem-de-Beauce, Quebec, and in Sainte-Clotilde, Quebec, and it specializes in the manufacturing of composite parts for the road transport and public transit industries, such as parts for Class 7 and 8 trucks and composite bus flooring. Faroex Ltd. is located in Gimli, Manitoba, and it specializes in the manufacturing of composite components for the road transportation, agriculture and wind energy industries. 	Sigma Industries Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	650	February 6, 2008
SHO.P	Shogun Capital Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company's principal business is focused on the identification and evaluation of assets or businesses with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has not generated any revenue. 	Shogun Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 29, 2010
SHJ	Shoshoni Gold Ltd. is an exploration-stage company, which is engaged in the exploration of gold mineral resources. The Company has interests in a gold property in the Yukon Territory. The Company's properties include the ZPG Property in Nevada and the Kirkland Creek Property in Yukon. The ZPG Property is approximately 30 kilometers southwest of the community of Battle Mountain, near two mines, such as Phoenix-Fortitude and Cove-McCoy mines. The Kirkland Creek Property is located around 120 kilometers northwest of Whitehorse, Yukon, in the Ashihik Lake region. Its Kirkland Creek Property consists of around 180 claims in 9,180 acres. The Kirkland Creek property consists of around 40 contiguous claims. The ZPG Property hosts the Porphyry copper-gold mineralization. 	Shoshoni Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 23, 1985
SGU	Signature Resources Ltd. (Signature) is a Canada-based company engaged in the identification and evaluation of mineral resource assets in Canada, with a focus on precious metals. The Company focuses on the exploration of its Lingman Lake properties. The Company owns an interest in four free hold patented claims in the Lingman Lake Property located in the Kenora District in Ontario, and situated approximately 325 kilometers north of the Town of Red Lake. The four free hold patent claims cover a total area of 78.5 hectares. 	Signature Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 3, 2010
SLK	Silk Road Energy Inc. (Silk Road Energy) is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas assets in Alberta. The Company has non-operated petroleum and natural gas rights, oil and gas production, tangibles, oil and gas reserves, lands, leases and miscellaneous interests, including seven gross producing wells located in the Bashaw, Columbia and Thornbury areas in Alberta, Canada. 	Silk Road Energy Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 9, 2010
SVG	nul	Silver Grail Resources Ltd			--	
SMM	Silver Mountain Mines Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mining properties which are in the exploration-stage. The Company has 100% ownership of approximately 9,986 hectare property centered on the Ptarmigan Mine in south eastern, British Columbia. The property hosts two styles of mineralization: silver rich polymetallic epithermal veins and manto style massive / semi-massive sulphide mineralization. The property consists of around 5 Crown Grants and 28 contiguous mineral claims. 	Silver Mountain Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 12, 2008
SPF	Silver Pursuit Resources Ltd. (Silver Pursuit) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal focus is the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is engaged in examining new projects and evaluating potential opportunities for the exploration and development of exploration projects. The Company owns two mineral leases for its Gordon Lake Property. 	Silver Pursuit Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 1, 1992
SIL	nul	SilverCrest Metals Inc			--	
SPD	Silver Predator Corp. is a company with a portfolio of advanced stage silver and tungsten assets. The Company is engaged in advancing the Springer Tungsten Mine and Mill Complex in Nevada to production through a joint venture arrangement, and the Taylor Mine and Mill through exploration. The Springer property is located on the east flank of the Eugene Mountains, approximately 25 miles southwest of the city of Winnemucca, and 125 miles northeast of the city of Reno, in Pershing County, Nevada. The project consists of 209 lode mineral claims, 25 placer claims and fee lands for a total area of approximately 6,400 acres. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Taylor Mine and Mill that is located in White Pine County, Nevada. 	Silver Predator Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	December 19, 2014
SYI	Silvermet Inc. is a Canada-based zinc production company. The Company's principal business activity is the development of the electric arc furnace dust (EAFD) recycling business in Turkey to recover zinc in concentrate, which is sold to smelters, primarily in the European market. The Company owns 49% of a joint venture with Befesa Zinc S.A.U. (Befesa), Befesa Silvermet Turkey S.L. (BST), which is in Spain and, which operates a Waelz kiln facility located in Iskenderun, Turkey through its subsidiary Befesa Silvermet Iskenderun Celik Tozu Geri Donusumu A.S. (BSI). 	Silvermet Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 27, 1994
SNG	Silver Range Resources Ltd. (Silver Range) is engaged in exploring mineral property interests. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Silver Range and Mint properties located in the Whitehorse Mining District, Yukon Territory, Canada, and a 100% interest in the Barb and Mel projects located in the Watson Lake Mining District, Yukon Territory, Canada. The Silver Range project hosts around 26 mineral zones and is located near the town of Faro, Yukon. The Mint project hosts alkaline-type porphyry gold-copper-molybdenum and is located in southwestern Yukon. The Barb property consists of 21 mineral claims and is located in the Watson Lake Mining District in southeast Yukon. The Mel property consists of 257 mineral claims and is located within a belt of sedimentary zinc-lead deposits, which include the Howard's Pass deposits of Chihong Canada Mining, the Tom and Jason deposits of HudBay Minerals, the Cirque deposit of Teck Resources/Korea Zinc, and the Akie deposit of Canada Zinc Metals. 	Silver Range Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 18, 2010
SSE	Silver Spruce Resources Inc. is a junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in a project, Big Easy, a precious metal project on the island of Newfoundland and rare earth element (REE) projects in Labrador. The Company holds uranium assets mainly in the Central Mineral Belt (CMB) of Labrador. Its projects include the CMB joint venture (JV) with Jet Energy (formerly Crosshair), in which the Company holds a 2% production Net Smelter Return, and its 100% owned properties, Fish Hawk Lake, Snegamook, Mount Benedict, and Double Mer. The Fish Hawk Lake property is contiguous with the Snegamook property. The Snegamook Lake property, located just to the southeast of Snegamook Lake in central Labrador, in the western part of the CMB, consists of 86 claims. The Fish Hawk Lake property, located to the southeast of Snegamook Lake in central Labrador, in the western part of the CMB, consists of 73 claims. 	Silver Spruce Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 8, 1996
SXL	Slam Exploration Ltd. (SLAM) is a Canada-based resource company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation properties in New Brunswick and Ontario, Canada. SLAM owns the Superjack and Nash Creek base metal-silver. The Superjack deposit is located approximately 15 kilometer west of the former producing BMS No. 12 mine. The Company has drilled 64-hole diamond drill holes in the Maisie gold deposit and eight holes in zone nine at its wholly owned Menneval gold project in New Brunswick. SLAM drilled 47 holes in previous drilling programs on the Williamson zone. The Reserve Creek property is adjacent to Eabamatoong First Nation and located near the south edge of the Ring of Fire Mineral area. 	SLAM Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 26, 1996
SOI	Sirios Resources Inc is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in exploring the gold deposits of James Bay area in Quebec. The Company's projects include Cheechoo, Aquilon, Kukames and Pontax. The company's flaghsip project is the Cheechoo gold project, which consists of 145 claims covering approximately 75 kilometer square adjacent to the property of the Eleonore gold mine of Goldcorp. Its Aquilon consists of 104 claims gold property, which is located near LA-1 hydro-electric complex in the James Bay area (Qc). Its Cheechoo gold project consists of 145claims and is located at approximately 13 kilometer east of the discovery area of the Eleonore mine. Its Pontax property consists of 89 claims and is located in the James Bay area (Qc). 	Sirios Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 14, 1994
SBM	Sirona Biochem Corp. is a development-stage biotechnology company. The Company is a cosmetic ingredient and drug discovery company with a technology platform developed at its laboratory facility in France with a specialization in the stabilization of carbohydrate molecules. The Company is focused on advancing three programs, which include therapeutics, cosmetic agents and biological ingredients. Its two programs include a diabetes treatment candidate and a cosmetic skin lightening agent. Its therapeutics ingredients include Diabetes, Anti-inflammatories and Anti-infectives; Cosmeceuticals include Anti-aging and Depigmenting Agents (skin lighteners), and Biological Ingredients include Inducers and Adjuvants for biological development and preservation. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is TFChem S.A.R.L., which is a biopharmaceutical company based in Rouen, France. The Company operates in Canada and France. 	Sirona Biochem Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	October 19, 2006
SIM	nul	Siyata Mobile Inc			--	
SKE	Skeena Resources Limited is a Canada-based mineral exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company owns 100% interest in the Tropico copper-platinum-palladium-gold project in Sinaloa State, Mexico, and 100% interest in the Spectrum gold and copper exploration property (Spectrum Property). The Company's activities comprise the evaluation of the high-grade Spectrum Gold Property in the Stikine Arch of northwestern British Columbia. Its 3,580 hectare Spectrum Gold property is situated approximately 37 kilometers west of Red Chris Mine and 16 kilometers west-northwest of the GJ deposit in northwest British Columbia. The Company's subsidiaries include Seeker Resources Corp. and Skeena Mexico S.A. de C.V. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Skeena Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	September 13, 1979
SYH	Skyharbour Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral property interests, principally in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Company is a uranium and thorium exploration company. The Company has projects totaling approximately 220,000 hectares in the Athabasca Basin of Saskatchewan, Canada. The Uranium Projects in Saskatchewan include Falcon Point Uranium Project (Way Lake), Preston Uranium Property, and Mann Lake Uranium Project. The Company's Red Lake Project in Ontario includes Baird Township Claims, Dome & Fairlie Townships Claims and Broulan Reef Claims. It also holds interests in Patterson Lake Area and Eastern Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan. The Falcon Point Uranium Project consists of around 20 contiguous claims totaling approximately 79,003 hectares. 	Skyharbour Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	March 27, 1981
SLC	Slyce Inc. is a Canada-based visual search technology company. The Company, through its subsidiaries is engaged in the business of providing advanced imaging technology visual search software that allows consumers to purchase products. Through visual search, the Company allows retailers and brands to have their products purchased anywhere. The technology developed by the Company consists of four items: Image recognition as a service, Direct to Consumer App (DCA), Mobile camera Software Development Kit (SDK), and Publisher Widget. The Company's clients use Application Programming Interface (API) for mobile object recognition using its image recognition technology. DCA is its shopping application. It is in beta testing with a full Graphical User Interface (GUI), system architecture documents, and a deployable Android Application Package (APK) file. The Company has built a custom mobile SDK for both iOS and Android. The publisher widget is in a beta stage for internal testing purposes. 	Slyce Inc	Technology	Software	70	June 26, 2014
SV	Simavita Limited is a Canada-based medical device company, which operates in the digital healthcare sector. The Company has developed a solution for the management of urinary incontinence. Its flagship product is the smart incontinence management (SIM) platform technology, an instrumented Incontinence assessment application that provides evidence-based incontinence assessment and management care plans for the residential aged care market. SIM detects multiple incontinent episodes through a sensor embedded into an adult incontinence pad (SIM sensor). The SIM sensor is a single use disposable device that connects to a durable transceiver (SIM pod) that records and wirelessly transmits incontinence data to a server for storage and processing. The data collected is synchronized with incontinence related observations recorded by staff through a SIM assist application displayed on a tablet or phone. The Company has its operations in Australia, North America and Europe. 	Simavita Ltd	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	--	November 27, 2013
SEI	Mobius Resources Inc. formerly Zodiac Exploration Inc. is an oil and gas exploration company. The Company has completed drilling operations of its well penetrating the Duvernay, Majeau Lake and Beaverhill Lake formations to a total depth of 2,780 meters in the Snipe Lake area of Alberta. 	Sintana Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	10	September 28, 2010
SMB	Simba Energy Inc. Canada-based oil and gas exploration company focused on the onshore frontier basins of Africa. The company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. It holds a 100 % interest in the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) for Block 2A, onshore Kenya. Block 2A, which covers an area of 7,801.72 square kilomaters (sq kms) overlies the southern tip of the Mandera Basin, Kenya. It also holds a 60% interest in the PSA for Blocks 1 & 2 comprising 12,000 sq kms onshore in the Republic of Guineas Bove basin. It holds a 90% interst International Resource Strategies Liberia Energy, Inc. (IRSLE), which holds the onshore reconnaissance license for the Roberts and Bassa basins. The onshore reconnaissance license covers the 1,366 sq kms of the onshore coastal strip of Liberia lying within the known extent of the Roberts-Bassa Basin. It also holds a PSC for 100% interests in three prospective oil & gas blocks within the Doba, Doseo and Erdis basins. 	Simba Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
SSC	Smartcool Systems Inc. is a clean technology company specializing in the development and distribution of energy efficiency solutions for air conditioning, refrigeration and heat pump systems (HVAC). The Company has two principal revenue streams: the sale and installation of the Energy Saving Module (ESM), and ECO3 to end customers and to distributors across the world. The ESM is manufactured by a third party in Australia for reducing the electricity consumption and demand of refrigeration and air conditioning compressors by maintaining temperature control. The ESM uses microprocessor technology and software algorithms. The ECO3 is manufactured in China and is a retrofit product that can be installed on air conditioning, heat pump or refrigeration units with one or two compressors. 	Smartcool Systems Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	28	August 31, 2000
SEB	Smart Employee Benefits Inc. is a Canada-based technology company, which provides business processes software, solutions and services to corporate and government clients. The Company is focused in the divisions of Healthcare and Technology. In Healthcare division, the company focus is on managing group employee benefit solutions and health claims processing environments. In technology division it provides services, such as Supply Chain Solutions and Services, Systems Integration and Software Development and Professional Services. The Company, through SOMOS Consulting Group Ltd., holds 100% of Stroma Service Consulting Inc. (Stroma), a company providing consulting services to various clients including the Government of Ontario. The Company holds 50% of Banyan Work Health Solutions Inc., BITS Licensing Inc. and Banyan IT Solutions Inc. (Banyan Group). 	Smart Employee Benefits Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 23, 2010
SGG	SnipGold Corp. (SnipGold) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties in British Columbia, Canada. SnipGold's 100% owned Iskut Property (the Iskut Property) is located in the Golden Triangle area of northwestern British Columbia. The Iskut Property also contains drill-ready porphyry style targets which include the Snip North and strike extensions of the Bronson Slope gold-copper porphyry deposit (the Bronson Slope Deposit). The Company holds 100% title to the Bronson Slope Deposit. The Bronson Slope Deposit has a measured and indicated resource of 2.16 million ounces gold, 13.17 million ounces silver and more than 500 million pounds copper (Cu). The 67 square kilometers portion of SnipGold's Iskut Property and the Colorado claims are collectively known as the KSP Property. 	SnipGold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 30, 1999
SIP	Sniper Resources Ltd. (Sniper) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition and exploration of gold properties in the State of Nevada, United States of America. The Company is exploring the Weepah gold property in Nevada, which is in the exploration stage. The Company has 100% interest in 66 unpatented lode mining claims, known as the Weepah claims located in Esmeralda County, Nevada. The Company has 100% interest in the Laura project located in Lander County, Nevada. The Companys Laura project has 13 lode claims, which covers approximately 260 acres and is located within the Cortez Trend, southwest from Barricks Cortez Hills Mine and south of the Pipeline/Gold Acres complex. The Company has not generated revenues from its exploration activities. 	Sniper Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 6, 2006
SPN	Snipp Interactive Inc. is a a capital pool company. It is engaged in negotiating an acquisition or participation in a business. It has completed its Qualifying Transaction with Consumer Impulse, Inc. and a concurrent financing whereby the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding securities of Consumer Impulse in exchange for the issuance of securities of the Company. Its subsidiaries comprise Snipp Interactive Inc. and Snipp Canada Inc. 	Snipp Interactive Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	--	January 21, 2010
VIO	Societe d'Exploration Miniere Vior Inc. is engaged the acquisition and the exploration of mining properties. The Company is also engaged in the exploration and development of gold-bearing properties in mining regions of Canada. Its portfolio includes mining properties in Quebec, covering over 35,416 hectares. Its Ligneris property is located approximately 80 kilometers north of the LaRonde Complex and 100 kilometers northeast of the city of Rouyn-Noranda and consists of 124 claims covering approximately 4,886 hectares. Its Big Island Lake Property is located about 25 kilometers north of the village of Havre-Saint-Pierre in the North Shore region of Quebec and consists of 40 claims covering approximately 2,193 hectares. Its Vezza-Noyard property is located 25 kilometers to the South of Matagami and consists of 10 claims. Its Foothills Property is located in the municipality of Saint-Urbain area and consists of 466 contiguous map-designated claims covering over 27,021 hectares. 	Societe d Exploration Miniere Vior Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 21, 1994
SDW	Sofame Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based company. The Company designs, engineers and manufactures direct contact industrial water heating and heat recovery systems. Its industrial, commercial, institutional and power generation markets cover space heating, process water heating, domestic water heating, fresh air heating and frac water heating. The Companys products include Percotherm (direct-contact condensing stack economizer), Percomax (direct-contact water heater), Hybrid Percomtherm (direct-contact water heater), Ultra High Efficiency (direct-contact water heater), Launrec RBT (waste water heat reclaim system) and Sofame Steam Pump (direct-contact condensing stack economizer). Its technologies and engineered systems offer customers and end-users economical sources of heat and hot water, as well as significant reductions of greenhouse gas emissions resulting from burning natural gas as fuel in boilers and turbines. 	Sofame Technologies Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	October 1, 2000
SFT	nul	Softrock Minerals Ltd			--	
SOJ	Sojourn Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company holds 100% interest in the Tahsis Property. The Property is located 105 kilometers northwest of Campbell River, British Columbia and consists of 25 claims totaling 10,358.57 hectares. Two mineralized occurrences are present on the property. 	Sojourn Ventures Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 23, 2010
SIC	Sokoman Iron Corp, formerly Golden Dory Resources Corp., is a Canada-based exploration stage company focused on exploration for Iron Ore in the prolific Labrador Trough, Canadas premiere Iron Ore producing district. The Companys property portfolio consists of North American projects focusing on iron ore, gold, lithium/rare metals, and uranium. The Burin property consists of 334 claims (8,350 hectares) in 18 licenses over three projects, which include Lamaline (formerly Salmonier Hill), Lawn and Little St. Lawrence. The Lamaline property consists of 61 claims in four licenses. The Iron Horse (formerly Gabbro Lake) project consists of 400 claims (10,000hectares) located approximately 120 kilometers Northeast of Labrador City, Labrador. The Root Lake property is located approximately 90 kilometers north of Sioux Lookout. The Root Lake property consists of 74 claim units. 	Sokoman Iron Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 19, 2008
SAN	Solar Alliance Energy Inc, formerly Finavera Solar Energy Inc, is a Canada-based company engaged in the development of renewable energy projects. The Company focuses on renewable energy development on residential and utility scale solar projects in the United States. Furthermore, It constructs and operates wind farms, including Wildmare and Meikle Wind Energy Project. The Company also is active in the sales and installation of residential rooftop solar energy equipment in Ireland, British Columbia (BC) and Alberta, Canada. 	Solar Alliance Energy Inc	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	--	April 5, 2005
SGB	Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc., formerly Rodeo Capital III Corp., is a Canada-based bioplastics company. The Company is engaged in the design, production and distribution of bioplastics for use in durable product applications. It designs, develops and distributes non-toxic, bio-based and compostable bioplastic products under the brand names, Polysole and Traverse. The Company has developed, and is commercializing bioplastics technologies that utilize annually renewable plant-based ingredients formulated using green chemistry. It produces three grades of bio-based plastic, including TF (Extrusion and Thermoforming), LV (Low Viscosity Injection Molding) and XD (Extra Durable Injection Molding). 	Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	March 26, 2015
SVS	Solarvest BioEnergy Inc. is a Canada-based algae technology company. The Company is engaged in the research and development of natural and genetically modified microalgae strains. The Company has algae-based biological technologies directed to develop and commercialize nutraceuticals and clean energy. The company operates two research operations, one in Summerville, PEI developing media formulations and solvent free extraction processes and one in Bloomington, Indiana focusing on genetic enhancements for clean energy. The company produces Omega-III Fatty Acid Products such as algae flour, algae oil, pharmaceutical grade oil and bio-hydrogen. It produces high amounts of therapeutic proteins from algae using its technology to produce Bone Morphogenetic Protein (BMP), is applied during orthopedic surgery to fractures to accelerate bone growth and speed recovery. The Companys subsidiaries include Phycobiologics (Europe) Limited, Phyco Hydrogen Inc. and Solarvest (P.E.I.) Inc. 	Solarvest Bioenergy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	--	November 9, 2005
SDC	SolidusGold Inc., formerly Mantra Capital Inc., is focused on the exploration and development of precious and base metals. The Company's properties include Wind Mountain gold and silver property, and Honeymoon Property. The Company's Wind Mountain property is a low-sulfidation-type gold and silver property consisting of around 150 claims totaling over 1,110 hectares located within the Walker Lane Gold trend approximately 160 kilometers northeast of Reno, Nevada. The Company's Honeymoon property is an early-stage gold-silver-copper property located on the west side of Adams Lake, British Columbia, approximately 85 kilometers northeast of Kamloops, British Columbia. The Honeymoon property consists of around 43 mineral claims, which includes about 19,700 hectares. 	SolidusGold Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 13, 2011
SYS	Sona Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of economic gold and other precious and base metal properties in Canada. It is focused on bringing its 100% controlled mineral properties, the Blackdome Gold Mine and the Elizabeth Gold Property, to production. The Blackdome Gold Mine is a permitted mine and milling facility located in southwestern British Columbia, approximately 230 kilometers north of Vancouver. The Blackdome property consists of 21,008 hectares, including two mining leases (988.33 hectares), 52 mineral claims (19,851 hectares) and 10 Crown grants (169.19 hectares). The project is situated west of the Fraser River, near the summit of Blackdome Mountain, in the Camelsfoot Mountain Range between 1,760 and 2,050 meters in elevation. The Elizabeth Gold Property is a gold project located in southwestern British Columbia, in the Lillooet Mining District. 	Sona Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	February 8, 1990
SNV	Sonoro Energy Ltd. (Sonoro) is an international bitumen and heavy oil exploration company. The main business of the Company is the exploration, appraisal, development and production of unconventional resources. The Company and its partners hold exclusive exploration rights to asphalts in Al-Salah ad Din Province (the Province) pursuant to the Asphalt License (the Asphalt License) among the Salah ad Din Provincial Government (the Provincial Government), Sonoro Iraq, Berkeley Petroleum Mesopatamia Ltd. and Geopetrol International Holding Inc. The area of the Asphalt License is approximately 24,000 square kilometers and is situated within the Tigris River Valley, between the Western Desert and the foothills of the Zagros fold and thrust belt. Sonoro Iraq holds a 40% participating interest, and is the operator. 	Sonoro Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	5	September 30, 2010
SMO	Sonoro Metals Corp. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company is involved in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Minera Mar De Plata, S.A. de C.V., holds a 100% interest in the Chipriona and Los Pinos properties, located in Sonora State, Mexico. Chipriona consists of four concessions totaling around 414 hectares and adjoins Agnico Eagle's La India and Tarachi deposits. The Los Pinos property is three kilometers west of Chipriona. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Breco, holds the San Marcial project, located in Sonora State, Mexico, which consists of three contiguous mineral concessions and option rights to acquire an additional contiguous concession. The Company has entered into an option agreement with Eagle Putt Ventures Inc., whereby the Company can earn a 50% interest in the 1,282 hectare Monroe Property. 	Sonoro Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 15, 2007
SOR	Sora Capital Corp., formerly Jager Resources Inc., is a Canada-based technology investment company. The Company's operations and assets are located in Canada. 	Sora Capital Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 27, 2009
SNI.PR.A	Sonor Investments Limited is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of making portfolio investments in public and private equity and fixed income securities with the objective of preserving its capital and growing it over the long term. The Company's investment in Fairwater Capital Corporation (Fairwater) consists of noncumulative, redeemable, retractable preference shares. These shares are non-voting, except for the right to elect one member of the board of directors of Fairwater. Fairwater is a private investment holding company. 	Sonor Investments Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	September 9, 1960
SOC	Sonora Gold & Silver Corp. (Sonora) is a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral acquisition and exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploring for commercially exploitable mineral deposits and is focused on deposits located in Tanzania, Africa. The Company has two properties, which include Handeni Property and Negese Property, located in Tanzania, Africa. The Handeni Mining License covers 7.02 hectares and is located in the Handeni region. Negese Property covers an area of approximately 10 square kilometers located in the Negese Area in Kilindi District, Tanzania. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Sonora Gold and Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	November 23, 1983
SOP	Source Exploration Corp. (Source) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. Source is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and evaluation of gold, silver and copper in historical mining districts in Mexico. The Company's Las Minas project is located in the State of Veracruz, Mexico. The Las Minas project is located approximately 270 kilometers east of Mexico City. The project is comprised of six mineral concessions covering approximately 1,616 hectares in the Las Minas mining district in the State of Veracruz, Mexico. The geology of Las Minas area is represented by thick packages of limestone of Lower Cretaceous age, highly recrystallized with marble fronts formed by the presence of post Laramidic Intrusions, granodiorite to diorite, of mid-Tertiary age. The Company has made several discoveries at the Las Minas project and outlined gold-silver and copper mineralization in a skarn zone with a strike length in excess of 700 meters. 	Source Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 5, 2006
SA	Southern Arc Minerals Inc is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is involved in exploration for gold and copper-gold. The Companys portfolio includes over two exploration-stage projects with epithermal gold and copper-gold porphyry prospects on the Lombok and Sumbawa islands in Indonesia. Its exploration activities are focused primarily in Indonesia. Its projects include West Lombok Property (Lombok Island), East Elang Property (Sumbawa Island) and Taliwang Property (Sumbawa Island). Its West Lombok project covers over 13 kilometer (km) long by 7 km wide structural corridor of mineralization and alteration hosting porphyry copper-gold and epithermal gold deposits. Its East Elang project covers over 9,670 hectares immediately to the east of Newmonts Elang-Dodo property and hosts a copper-gold porphyry deposit. It also holds interest in Oban Mining Corporation, which is a mining company exploring for gold in Abitibi Gold Belt, Canada. 	Southern Arc Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 19, 2004
SQG	Spackman Equities Group Inc. (SEGI) is a Canada-based investment holding company. The Company invests into and develops small/medium-sized growth companies that possess industry-specific know-how or technologies, primarily in Asia. The objectives of SEGI are to invest into or acquire businesses with growth potential at attractive valuations, build a diversified and balanced portfolio of investments, and deliver the collective value derived from its portfolio of investments to the shareholders of SEGI. The holdings of the Company include 39.1% ownership of Singapore-incorporated Spackman Entertainment Group Limited, which is a Korean film and entertainment company that wholly-owns Zip Cinema Co., Ltd., Opus Pictures Limited Liability Company, and Spackman Entertainment Korea Inc.; 100% of SEGI Investments Limited, an investment company that invests into public equities, and marketable securities. 	Spackman Equities Group Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	May 18, 2006
SPA	Spanish Mountain Gold Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's primary asset is the Spanish Mountain property located approximately 180 kilometers north of Kamloops, British Columbia. The Spanish Mountain Gold Project is located in the Cariboo region of central British Columbia, approximately six kilometers east of the village of Likely and approximately 66 kilometers northeast of the City of Williams Lake. The property consists of approximately 45 contiguous mineral claims and eight placer claims and covers an area of around 7,700 hectares and is 100% owned by the Company. 	Spanish Mountain Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
SRI	Sparton Resources Inc. (Sparton) is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage company. The Company operates a drilling services business in Canada. The Company has no active exploration projects. The Company is seeking financing for its Vanadium project in China and evaluating other opportunities. VanSpar Mining, a subsidiary of Sparton, has identified Vanadium Projects in Xiushui County Jiangxi Province, China. The Company holds an estimated 6.5% unitized working interest in the Chebucto natural gas field, in the Sable Island area of offshore Nova Scotia. This is part of the Scotia Offshore Energy Project (SOEP). The Company wholly owns EDCOR Drilling Services Inc. (EDCOR) and Sparton International Holdings Inc. (SIH). 	Sparton Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	November 29, 1982
SSA	Spectra Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary, Spectra Products Inc., supplies products to the transportation industry. The Company manufactures and markets brake and wheel-end monitoring equipment as an aftermarket product through transportation dealers, distributors and direct sales to fleet operators. Its product line includes Brake Safe, a visual brake stroke indicator. The Company's electronic version of Brake Safe is an air brake diagnostic system called Brake Inspector. The Company also supplies an anticorrosion lubricant called Termin-8r to the transportation industry and Zafety Lug Lock, a product that prevents wheel-end lug nuts from loosening. The Company's product includes Hub Alert, a heat sensitive label that is applied to wheel hubs of vehicles to detect critical temperature threshold levels. 	Spectra Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Passengers	--	October 4, 1994
SFX	Sphinx Resources Ltd., formerly Donner Metals Ltd., is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral projects in Quebec, Canada. The Valmond gold project consists of 111 claims covering a surface area of about 62 square Kilometers. This project is located about 50 kilometers west of the town of Matagami, in Abitibi, Quebec. The Preissac project consists of 78 claims with a 39 square Kilometers surface area and is located about 25 Kilometers north-west of the town of Malartic, in the Abitibi region of Quebec. The Samson project consists of 512 claims covering a surface area of about 284 square Kilometers about 50 kilometers west of the town of Matagami, in Abitibi, Quebec. The Dollier gold project is located 45 kilometers south of the town of Chibougamau, Quebec. The Adam project is located about 50 kilometers west of the town of Matagami, in Abitibi, Quebec. 	Sphinx Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 28, 2005
SPS.A	Sportscene Group Inc. (Sportscene) is a Canada-based company which operates a chain of entertainment-themed resto-bars built on sportsmanship, action and group entertainment. As of November 22, 2012, this network comprised 52 units, or Cages, of which 40 were wholly or majority owned, and 12 were franchises under the La Cage aux Sports banner. The Company segments includes: The Restaurant segment, which is engaged in franchising and development of the La Cage aux Sports theme restaurants network, and The Real Estate Holdings segment, which focuses on managing buildings that generate rental revenues. On April 2, 2012, the Company acquired an additional 7.65% interest in its joint venture 2543-9985 Quebec Inc. On February 27, 2012, the Company acquired the control of 6143521 Canada Inc., a joint venture operating the La Cage aux Sports restaurant in Levis. On November 3, 2011, the Company acquired all assets of an entity operating a restaurant in Mont Tremblant. 	Sportscene Group Inc			2300	November 25, 2013
SRJ	Spearmint Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company's principal business activities include acquiring and exploring exploration and evaluation assets. The Company has exploration and evaluation assets located in Canada. The Company has an option to acquire a 100% stake in the Otter Property, an epithermal precious metals project. The road access to the Otter Property is located approximately 17 kilometers north-northwest of Princeton, British Columbia and the property consists of 12 claims totaling 5,296 hectares. The Company also holds a 100% interest in certain mineral claims in British Columbia. 	Spearmint Resources Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 23, 2009
SSV	Southern Silver Exploration Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties for enhancement of value and disposition pursuant to sales agreements or development by way of third party option and/or joint venture agreements. The Company's properties include Cerro Las Minitas?Durango, Mexico; Minas de Ameca-Jalisco, Mexico, and Oro?New Mexico, the United States. The Company's Cerro Las Minitas?Durango is located approximately 70 kilometers to the northeast of the city of Durango in Durango State, Mexico. Its Minas de Ameca-Jalisco is located approximately 80 kilometers west of Guadalajara. Its Oro?New Mexico, the United States is located approximately 80 kilometers southwest of the Silver City porphyry copper district. 	Southern Silver Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 30, 1963
SQD	SQI Diagnostics Inc. is a Canada-based life sciences company that develops and commercializes technologies and products for multiplexing diagnostics. The Company provides technology and equipment for blood testing in clinical trials and pre-clinical research for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. The Company applies its multiplexing technology to diagnostic tests used for customers in the animal health market, which includes companion and production animal tests for infectious diseases, food safety and other immunology tests. The Company also offers solutions for human diagnostic testing. The Company is also working on a pipeline of multiplexed in vitro diagnostics (IVD) products, which target protein and antibody biomarkers relevant to autoimmune and other immunological diseases. It offers detecting and quantifying proteins, antibodies and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). It offers assay development solutions. It offers sqidworks, sqidlite and sqid-X technologies. 	SQI Diagnostics Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	33	September 11, 2003
SPP	SPoT Coffee (Canada) Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which designs, builds, operates and franchises community-oriented cafes in New York State. The Company's cafes provide customers with signature light meals, baked goods and in-house micro-roasted gourmet coffee. The Company's neighborhood cafes include SPoT Glens Falls and SPoT Orchard Park. The Company provides SPoT Coffee Express, a franchise offerings, which a quick service alternative to the Company's cafes. The Company also provides catering services for breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert trays. Its coffee is sold to consumers through a regional grocery store chain in Western New York and to universities, businesses, convenience stores, and institutions through the Company's commercial account program. 	SPoT Coffee (Canada) Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	--	March 5, 2007
SHL	Spruce Ridge Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company that is in the process of exploring its mineral properties located in Canada and the United States. The Company has its head office in Ontario, Canada. As of September 29, 2014, the Company had no operating revenues. 	Spruce Ridge Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 4, 1989
SGH	Standard Graphite Corporation is a Canada-based exploration stage mining company. The Company is primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of graphite mineral properties located in Canada. The Companys primary focus is the exploration and development of its optioned Mousseau East Property and Diego Property located in Quebec. The company has a 100% interest in 12 graphite properties within known graphite districts in both Quebec and Ontario. The Companys Mousseau East Property is located 40 kilometers (km) northeast of Mont-Laurier in northwestern Quebec and approximately 50 km from Timcal Canada Inc.s producing Lac-des-Iles Graphite Mine. The Company also has a 100% interest in the Diego Gold Project (Diego Project). The Diego Property comprises 49 claims and is located 40 kilometers southwest of the town of Chapais, in the Province of Quebec. 	Standard Graphite Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 18, 2006
SDE	nul	Standard Exploration Ltd			--	
SRC	Stakeholder Gold Corp. (Stakeholder) is a Canada-based junior mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Company is focused on its exploration activities in Canada on precious metals properties located in the Yukon and in Nova Scotia. The Company's Bass River Iron Oxide Copper Gold (IOCG) exploration project is located on the Cobequid-Chedabucto Fault Zone (CCFZ) in central Nova Scotia, Canada. It hosts more than 100 mineral occurrences and small deposits of Iron-Oxide, Copper, Cobalt, Gold, Nickel and Barite. The project covers approximately 12 kilometers of the Cobequid Fault, one of the principal structures in the CCFZ. The company has exploration and evaluation assets in Selwyn, Marion, Sourdough Hill and Yukon. 	Stakeholder Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 1, 2011
TON	nul	Standard Tolling Corp			--	
SPZ	Spriza Media Inc, formerly Iron Tank Resources Corp., is a Canada-based company that is focused on building a subscriber network for group prizes and incentives. The Company offers its services through an online marketing solution, SPRIZA, which produces quantifiable and verifiable participant data results, which can be used for ongoing marketing purposes with targeted demographics. The Company provides analytics and reporting, through a tool that measures marketing and advertising budgets for return on investment analysis and demographic profiling. 	Spriza Media Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	--	July 6, 2007
HRE	Stans Energy Corporation (Stans) is a Canada-based company is engaged in the acquisition and development of mineral deposits, such as uranium, molybdenum, vanadium, beryllium, lithium and rare earth metals in the Kyrgyz Republic. The Company's licenses to the prospecting/exploration rights in the Kyrgyz Republic include Kyzyluraan, Kargysh and Aktyuz. Mining licenses in the Kyrgyz Republic include Kutessay II and Kalesay. The Company owns exploration license for the REEs Aktyuz Ore Field (AOF), which surrounds the acquisitions of the mining licenses for the past-producing REEs mine, Kutessay II, and the Kalesay Beryllium deposit. The Aktyuz Ore Field consist of five rare earth mineralized zones, consisting of Kutessay I, Kutessay II, Kutessay III, Aktyuz and Kuperlisai. The Company's subsidiaries include Stans Energy KG LLC., Kutisay Mining LLC., Kashka REE Plant Ltd. and SevAmRus CJSC. 	Stans Energy Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 26, 2005
SNA	Star Navigation Systems Group Ltd., is a Canada-based technology company. The Company is engaged in development, marketing and promotion of an In-flight Safety Monitoring System (STARISMS), whereby data from an aircraft can be transmitted to ground stations for the duration of a flight. The Companys maintenance services option include software updates, technical support, remote problem analysis and assistance, online assistance, hardware services, spare part allocation and immediate equipment dispatch. The Companys consultation services include fuel management, flight tracking, data amalgamation, data analysis and reporting. The Company has developed STAR-ISMS inflight safety monitoring system, which feature in-flight data monitoring and diagnostics with real-time, secure connection between aircraft and ground, made possible through technology and satellite transmission. 	Star Navigation Systems Group Ltd	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	--	
SUD.A	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 2) Core Fund is a closed-end fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to indirectly acquire, own, and operate a portfolio of Class A stabilized, income producing multi-family real estate properties in Texas and the southeastern United States; make stable monthly cash distributions, and enhance the value of its assets through active management with the goal of ultimately disposing of the assets at a gain by the end of the Fund's term. The primary objective of the Fund is to generate stable monthly cash distributions for its unitholders. It has over five classes of Units: Class A, Class C, Class D, Class F and Class U. It offers an annual, pre-tax distribution target yield of approximately 7% across all Unit classes. It has invested in approximately four properties, including Palm Valley Apartments, Falls at Eagle Creek, Soho Parkw ay Apartments and Travesia Apartments. The Fund is asset-managed by Starlight Investments Ltd. 	Starlight US Multi-Family No 2 Core Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SUS.U	nul	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 3) Core Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SUS.A	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 3) Core Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to indirectly acquire, own and operate a portfolio of recently constructed, Class 'A' stabilized, income producing multi-family real estate properties in Texas and the southeastern United States; make stable monthly cash distributions, and enhance the value of the Fund's assets through active management with the goal of ultimately disposing of the assets at a gain by the end of the Fund's term. The Fund was established for the purpose of indirectly acquiring, owning, and leasing a portfolio of rental properties in the southeastern United States multi-family real estate market. The Fund holds interests in five properties located in Austin and Houston, Texas. The Fund is managed by Starlight Investments Ltd. 	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 3) Core Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 1, 2014
SUF.A	nul	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 4) Core Class A			--	
UMF.A	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 3) Core Fund is a Canada-based limited partnership. The Fund engages in the business of acquiring, owning, and leasing a portfolio of revenue generating rental properties in the southeastern United States multi-family real estate market. The Fund's investment objectives are to indirectly acquire, own, and operate a portfolio of recently constructed, Class A stabilized, income producing multi-family real estate properties in Texas and the southeastern United States; make stable monthly cash distributions, and enhance the value of its assets through active management with the goal of ultimately disposing of the assets at a gain by the end of the Fund's term. The Fund has interests in a portfolio of approximately 1,317 suites, which include properties, such as the Allure with 334 suites, Residences at Cinco Ranch with 300 suites, Villages at Sunset Ridge with 257 suites, Yorktown Crossing with 312 suites and the Reserve at Jones Road with 114 suites. 	Starlight US Multi-Family Core Fund	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	February 12, 2013
SUD.U	nul	Starlight US Multi-Family No 2 Core Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
UMF.U	nul	Starlight US Multi-Family Core Fund	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
SPX	nul	Stellar AfricaGold Inc.			--	
STE	Starr Peak Exploration Ltd, formerly Lions Gate Energy Inc, is a Canada-based exploration-stage junior mining company. The Company is engaged in the development, acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company is in the process of exploring and developing its resource properties. The primary objective of the Company is to acquire, explore and develop gold, silver, copper and molybdenum mineral deposits and projects in the United States. The Company holds an interest in the El Toro property, which covers an area of approximately 34,356 hectares, located in the Omineca Mining Division, approximately 30 kilometers southwest of Telkwa. 	Starr Peak Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 4, 1981
STH	Stelmine Canada Ltd. is a Canada-based mining and oil exploring company in Quebec. The Company has three mining projects in Quebec and one oil project in the GaspEsie area. Its projects include Opinaca Properties, Aiguebelle property, Clericy property and Gaspesia property. Opinaca south is located south of Azimut/Eastmain bordered by Beaufield Resources to the west. The Opinaca North property consists of 9 map-designated claims totalling approximately 471 hectares. The Opinaca South property consists of approximately 37 map-designated claims totalling approximately 1924 hectares. ET2002-06, the property is underlain by sedimentary and felsic intrusive rock similar to the Roberto deposit. Aiguebelle property consists of 4 claims covering approximately 159 hectares. The property comprised 15 claims covering approximately 620 hectares located on the La Pause fault. It acquired 100% interest in mining licence covering approximately 34,000 hectares of land in the Gaspesia hydrocarbon area. 	Stelmine Canada Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 5, 2005
SUF.U	nul	Starlight U.S. Multi-Family (No. 4) Core Class A			--	
SLG	Sterling Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based energy company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of petroleum and natural gas rights, and the exploration for, and the development and production of, crude oil and natural gas. The Company operates primarily in the United Kingdom, Romania and the Netherlands. The Company directly owns the license interest in the Midia and Pelican blocks offshore Romania. The Company's key projects include Breagh and Cladhan. The Company holds block 42/13 in the United Kingdom Southern North Sea. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Sterling Resources (UK) plc (Sterling UK), Midia Resources SRL (Midia Resources) and Sterling Resources Netherlands B.V. (Sterling Netherlands). 	Sterling Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	32	August 31, 1979
SSN	Stetson Oil & Gas Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is in the business of exploring potential opportunities in the domestic and international oil and gas sector. The Company has assets in the United States and Columbia. 	Stetson Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 5, 2004
KLH	Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. (Stellar) is a biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in the aquaculture, research and development, manufacture and commercialization of Keyhole Limpet Hemocyanin (KLH) protein. KLH is a high molecular weight and immune-stimulating protein. It operates under the brand name Stellar KLH. Its products include Stellar KLH protein in various grades, formulations and configurations for both clinical and preclinical applications. Stellar KLH can be used for therapeutic vaccine conjugation, as a carrier molecule in immunotherapies and as an immune stimulant in immunotoxicology applications. KLH can be used as an active pharmaceutical ingredient and combined with a disease-targeting agent to create immunotherapies targeting cancer, immune disorders, Alzheimer's disease and inflammatory diseases, or it can be used as a finished, injectable product in the immunodiagnostic market for measuring immune response in patients and research settings. 	Stellar Biotechnologies Inc			23	November 25, 2009
SE	Stonehaven Exploration Ltd., formerly Donnybrook Energy Inc., is an exploration and production company. The Company has petroleum and natural gas (P&NG) interests in Alberta, Canada and producing assets in Alberta at Bigstone and Fir. It holds around 21 gross sections/5,441 gross hectares (7.6 net sections/1,940 net hectares) of P&NG rights at Bigstone and Fir. It has around 3 gross (net 1.25) horizontal Montney natural gas wells at Bigstone. Its horizontal Montney natural gas wells, 100/14-29-60-22W5M, 100/15-32-60-22W5M and 100/13-33-60-22W5M, produce into its operated natural gas gathering system and into a third-party natural gas gathering and compression facility. Its Fir property has non-operated 30% WI in 14 gross (net 4.24) natural gas wells. It also holds minor working interests in lands and wells in Alberta: 5 gross (2.25 net) sections at Pendant DOrielle; 2 gross (0.20 net) wells at Wizard Lake; and 1.5 gross (0.16 net) sections with 2 gross (0.23 net) well at Penhold. 	Stonehaven Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	April 14, 2000
SVI	StorageVault Canada Inc. is a Canada-based company, which offers self-storage and moving services, such as self-storage, portable storage, moving and storage, and recreational vehicle (RV) storage. The Company's self-storage centers have digital video surveillance security cameras that operate round the clock. It offers portable storage operations under the brand names of PUPS-Portable Units for Portable Storage (PUPS) and Cubeit Portable Storage (Cubeit). Its portable storage PUPS are fabricated from galvanized 0.75 millimeter sturdy sheet metal and are equipped with two-winged doors on hinges. The Company has over 3,100 portable storage containers in its rental fleet. Its business solutions are offered for sectors, such as real estate and realtors, construction and general contracting services, and logistics and supply chain. Its portable storage services include delivery and pick-up, relocation of containers, off-site storage centers, and packaging and supplies. 	StorageVault Canada Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	May 31, 2007
SMP	Strata Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based minerals exploration company. The Companys operating projects include Diamond Mountain Project in the United States and Cardabia Project in Australia. The Diamond Mountain Project contains approximately 10,200 acres located in northeast Utah. Its mineralization occurs in two seams: an upper bench that is seven feet thick, and lower bench that is seven to approximately ten feet thick. The lower bench includes a high grade zone that is over seven feet thick. It also developed an initial estimate suggesting the presence of material amenable to open pit mining at a three to one strip. The Cardabia Project is located 1,000 kilometres north of Perth near Exmouth in Western Australia. Its mineralization consists of phosphorite nodules with contents averaging 15 to 31% phosphorous, which are located at a number of stratigraphic horizons throughout the Cretaceous marine sedimentary rock sequence within the Cardabia Property. 	Strata Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	February 7, 2008
SXE	Strata-X Energy Limited (Strata-X) is a Canada-based independent oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of oil and gas exploration, development and production. Its key projects include Vail Oil Project and Copper Mountain Oil Projects in Illinois Basin; Sleeping Giant Gas Project in North Dakota, and Maverick Oil Project in Texas. The Vail Oil Project comprises a total area of approximately 49,200 acres and Copper Mountain Project comprises 21,000 acres. The Maverick Oil Project consists of 10,777 contiguous acres is situated in the Eagle Ford shale fairway in southern Texas. Sleeping Giant Project comprises approximately 120,000 acres in the Williston Basin in the North Dakota and is prospective for natural gas. Its subsidiaries include Strata-X, Inc. and Strata-X Australia Pty Ltd. 	Strata-X Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	October 11, 2012
SGE	Strategem Capital Corporation (Strategem) is a Canada-based merchant bank involved in acquiring interests in and developing companies with growth potential. The Company takes early debt and/or equity positions in such growth companies. The Company's focus is on companies that explore or develop natural resources. 	Strategem Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	0	December 19, 1994
SMD	Strategic Metals Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The company's main business activity is the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties located in Canada. It also makes selective investments in other resource companies. It operates primarily under the project generative business model. The Company researches and acquires mineral exploration projects, advances those projects to a drill ready stage and then options or sells such projects to other parties. As a project generator, the Company has assembled a portfolio of approximately 118 wholly owned mineral properties in Yukon Territory, British Columbia and western Northwest Territories. The Company also actively manages an equity portfolio consisting of shares received as consideration under various property option and sale transactions, and shares purchased in other resources companies, based on Internal market research. 	Strategic Metals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	December 16, 1994
SOG	Strategic Oil & Gas Ltd. (Strategic) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company's operations are focused on light oil development in northern Alberta. Strategic's primary operating area is at Marlowe, Alberta. Strategic also operates oil and gas production and processing facilities at Bistcho, Alberta and Cameron Hills in the Northwest Territories, as well as oil properties in southern Alberta. Strategic has total proved and probable oil equivalent reserves of around 13,925 thousand barrels of oil equivalent (Mboe), including approximately 10,218 thousand barrels of oil (Mbbl) of light and medium crude oil, 133 Mbbl of heavy oil and 21,444 million cubic feet (MMcf) of natural gas. Strategic's oil and gas properties are located in Amber Area, Alberta; Bistcho and Larne, Alberta; Cameron Hills, Northwest Territories; Conrad, Alberta; Maxhamish, Northeast British Columbia, and Taber, Alberta in Canada and Pinedale, Wyoming in the United States. 	Strategic Oil and Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	56	December 30, 1987
SPT	Stockport Exploration Inc. (Stockport) is a Canada-based exploration company. Stockport has interests in the Nyanza Project, which covers an area of approximately 2,000 square kilometers, located within the Lake Victoria greenstone belt of southwestern Kenya. The Company is engaged in a two-phased exploration and potential surface gold recovery program at license SPL 214 on the Nyanza Project. The Company generates revenue from future equity financings and/or project financing alternatives. The Company holds a 100% interest in the KM61 property, which is a molybdenum-copper-silver prospect. The KM61 property is located in northwestern Ontario. Stockport holds a 100% interest in the Seymour Lake lithium-tantalum-beryllium property, which is located near Armstrong, Ontario. The Company also holds a 100% interest in the La Morena copper-silver property, which is located in the state of Coahuila, Mexico. 	Stockport Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 17, 2004
SRX	Storm Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based junior exploration and development company. The Company has an asset base with land positions in resource plays at Umbach, the Horn River Basin and Grande Prairie. Umbach is a natural gas liquids (NGL) content natural gas property producing from the Montney formation. It drilled around 16 horizontal wells (16.0 net) and one vertical well and tied in 10 horizontal wells at Umbach. It drilled a total of around 31 horizontal wells at Umbach, comprising 23 producing wells, three standing completed wells and five wells awaiting completion. It added to its land position at Umbach by acquiring two horizontal wells, then producing 359 barrel of oil equivalent net per day, and 29 sections of undeveloped land contiguous to its working interest lands at Umbach South. In the Horn River Basin, the Company has one producing horizontal well. It has a net interest in around 78,000 acres in the area. Production from its Alberta properties is around 35% crude oil. 	Storm Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	16	June 8, 2010
SB	Stratabound Minerals Corp. (Stratabound) is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of mineral exploration and evaluation, with base metal, silver and gold properties in New Brunswick. The Company's claims host three known base metal sulfide bodies: the Captain, Captain North Extension (CNE) and Taylor Brook deposits. The Company holds interests in the CNE/Captain and Taylor Brook claim groups, approximately 158 claims, and an interest in the CNE Mining Lease, within the Bathurst Mining Camp in northeast New Brunswick, Canada. The Company holds interests in over 41 claims located approximately 2.5 kilometers north of the Bathurst camp. In addition, Stratabound holds an option on over 55 claims adjoining the northern boundary of the CNE/Captain claim group. 	Stratabound Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 5, 1986
STI	Strategic Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company with a focus on the Gallinas Mountains rare earth project. The Company is in the business of mineral exploration and production in Canada and the United States. The Company's uranium project Baca is located in New Mexico. 	Strategic Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 25, 2004
STT	STT Enviro Corp. is a Canada-based environmental engineering company. The Company is a supplier in the design, engineering, integration and installation of engineered systems, which are used by its customers to clean up water and control air emissions. The Company operates two groups: STT Enviro Corp Systems & Solutions (formerly STT Stanco) and STT Enviro Corp Tanks & Industrial (formerly STT Stanco Tanks). The STT Enviro Corp Systems & Solutions specializes in supplying customized storage, handling and conveying systems for dry and liquid materials. The STT Enviro Corp Tanks & Industrial group engineers and constructs custom bolted storage tanks, silos and trans-load systems. The Company's systems are utilized in a range of industries. 	STT Enviro Corp	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	73	January 1, 2010
SI	Stratton Resources Inc. (Stratton) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. Stratton holds a 100% interest in the Lunar claims located in the province of British Columbia, Canada. The Company's Lunar property is an early-stage copper-gold exploration project located 95 kilometers northwest of the Kemess mine and 50 kilometers southeast of the Kutco mine, in Northern British Columbia. The Company has not generated any revenues from operations. Stratton Resources (Canada) Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	Stratton Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 11, 1985
SRA	Stria Lithium Inc., formerly Stria Capital Inc., is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and development of mineral properties in North America. Its properties include Pontax-Lithium and Willcox. The Pontax-Lithium property consists of a group of approximately 80 contiguous mining claims located in the James Bay Territory of Northern Quebec. The Willcox Project consists of approximately 60 lode mining claims located in Cochise Country, Arizona. The Company's subsidiary is Pueblo Lithium LLC. 	Stria Lithium Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 24, 2011
SKP	StrikePoint Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada with the objective of developing them to a stage where they can be exploited at a profit or arranging joint ventures whereby other companies provide funding for development and exploitation. The Company's exploration activities are focused on mineral exploration in the Lobstick area near Lake of the Woods, Ontario and the Angelina area in southeast Manitoba. The Company owns 100% interest in the Angelina property located in Manitoba, Canada. The Angelina property consists of 17 claims covering approximately 2,337 hectares in the eastern end of the Rice Lake gold belt, approximately 27 kilometers east of San Gold's producing mines near Bissett, Manitoba. 	Strikepoint Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 5, 1982
SKX	Striker Exploration Corp., formerly Elkwater Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based oil and natural gas exploration, development and production company. The Company operates in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. The Company's Pembina region is concentrated in the Brazeau, East Pembina, Chigwell and Ferrier areas of west central Alberta. Its production consists of light oil and natural gas. The Company has oil producing assets located in the Killam area of East Central Alberta. 	Striker Exploration Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 29, 2000
SBW	Strongbow Exploration Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company focuses on exploring gold and base metal properties in North America. Its British Columbia gold and gold-copper properties include Shovelnose Property (Au-Ag), a gold property located around 175 kilometers east of Vancouver and 30 kilometers Merritt along the Coquihalla Highway. Its Snowbird nickel project properties are located in Northwest Territories and Saskatchewan. It maintains a 100% interest in mineral claims and mining leases located along the southern Snowbird Tectonic Zone. Its Sleitat tin property located in Alaska, United States, consists of 22 State of Alaska mining claims covering 1,425 hectares located around 137 kilometers northeast of the community of Dillingham. The Coal Creek tin property located in Alaska, United States, consists of 15 State of Alaska Mining Claims covering 971 hectares located around 280 kilometers north of Anchorage and several kilometers west of the Parks Highway. 	Strongbow Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	May 3, 2004
SUL	Sultan Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Canada. The Company is engaged in the process of exploring and evaluating its mineral properties. The Company's exploration and evaluation assets include Kena Property, Ymir, British Columbia, Canada; Jersey and Emerald Properties, Salmo, British Columbia, Canada; McLeese Lake Property, British Columbia, Canada, and Stephens Lake Property, Manitoba, Canada. The Kena Property consists of the original Kena claims and additional properties under option. The properties are contiguous. Kena property is located near the community of Ymir in southeastern British Columbia. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Jersey Claim Group located near Salmo, British Columbia. The property consists of the around 28 original crown granted mineral claims, four two-post claims and around 80 mineral units. 	Sultan Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	March 17, 1989
SKK	nul	Strikewell Energy Corp			--	
SS	Summus Solutions N.V. is a Canada-based company, engaged in renewable energy resources and natural gas exploration. The Company is focused on identifying and developing businesses in the areas of water, solar and wind energy. The Company owns Garrington Property located in Alberta. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, ZNX Energy Ltd, owns a 90% working interest in certain oil and gas mineral rights (the Garrington Interest) encompassing an area of 640 acres with one producing Pekisko oil well, the Garrington 06-06-035-02W5. The Companys subsidiaries include ZNX Energy Ltd., Warrior Energy Holdings Inc. and Warrior Oil & Gas Holdings Inc. 	Summus Solutions NV	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	June 1, 1993
SNF	Sunora Foods Inc. (Sunora) is a Canada-based trader of canola, olive and other food oils across Canada, the United States and internationally. The Company is trader and supplier of canola, soybean, corn, olive and other food oils. The Canadian pack sizes include 500 milliliter, 946 milliliter, 2 liter, 3 liter, 4liter and 16 liter available in both its Sunora brand and private labels. Sunora operations consist of receiving orders from its customers in the food oil processing, retail and food services markets. The Company contracts with food oil processing facilities (Seed Crushers) where food oil seeds are crushed to produce food oils, including canola, soybean and corn oils. Sunora sales are conducted through its sales agents located across North America, South America, Africa, Asia, the Middle East, Eastern Russia, Australia and New Zealand. 	Sunora Foods Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	March 8, 2011
SGC	Sunridge Gold Corp. (Sunridge) is a Canada-based development-stage exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of its Asmara Project in Eritrea through it 60% interest in Asmara Mining Share Company (AMSC), Eritrea. AMSC holds three exploration licenses in Eritrea that comprise the Asmara Project: the Medrizien exploration license, on which the Emba Derho and Kodadu deposits are located; the Debarwa exploration license, on which the Debarwa and Adi Rassi deposits are located, and the Adi Nefas exploration license, on which the Adi Nefas and Gupo deposits are located. The Debarwa and Adi Rassi deposits are on the southern part of the licenses. The Emba Derho, Adi Nefas and Gupo deposits are grouped towards the northern part of the exploration licenses with the Kodadu deposit located approximately midway between the northern and southern deposits. 	Sunridge Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
SGC.WT	nul	Sunridge Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
SHI	Sunrise Resources Ltd. (Sunrise), formerly Candorado Operating Company, is an exploration-stage resource company. The Company focuses on the acquisition, exploration and development of resource projects primarily in British Columbia. Sunrise is a mineral rights holder with its copper and gold porphyry targets within the Quesnel Trough in Central British Columbia. The properties include the Eldorado property and the Timothy Lake property. The Eldorado property is located in the Stikine Terrane and the exploration target is an alkalic copper-gold porphyry deposit. The Timothy Lake property is located in the central in British Columbia portion of the Quesnel Trough. The Company also holds mineral rights in the Man-Prime property located 35 kilometers north of Princeton. 	Sunrise Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 4, 1992
SSM	Sunset Cove Mining Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration and development company. The Company focuses on economical acquisition, exploration and development of strategic metal properties in Canada and Latin American locations. It has two properties in its portfolio, the Lac Gueret West graphite property in Quebec and the Carolay Silver property in Peru. The Lac Gueret is a 10,800 hectare property located in north-eastern Quebec. The Carolay Silver Property is located in the region of La Libertad in the north of Peru. The Company owns 1,214 hectares of the property. The objectives of this project are surface exploration work, drilling and underground exploration work. B&W Milling Inc., the Companys subsidiary, focuses to build and operate a gold ore milling operation in northern Peru. 	Sunset Cove Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 4, 2007
SPK	Sunset Pacific Petroleum Ltd. is a Canada-based junior resource exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition exploration and development of natural resource properties, primarily oil and gas. The Company's business is presently focused on the exploration and evaluation of various oil and gas properties in British Columbia, Canada and in the Middle East and North Africa. It owns a 2.5% overriding royalty in the Bougie Trutch oil and gas project in north eastern British Columbia. It owns a 2.5% over-riding royalty in the Trutch East natural gas lease package. The property has one producing well. The Company has working interest in a Slave Point test well located in the Prophet River area of north eastern British Columbia. 	Sunset Pacific Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 14, 1981
SAI	Sunshine Agri-Tech Inc. is a Canada-based manufacturing company. The Company, through its subsidiaries is engaged in the manufacturing, processing, packaging and distribution of livestock biofeed products to its customers in China. The Company's line of products includes microbial feed additives, bio-feed and microbial fermented agents. The Company's operation segment in engaged in the production and sale of the Company's products are in People's Republic of China (PRC). The Company operates primarily in China and all sales are to customers in China. The Company's subsidiary includes Sunscape (Hong Kong) Limited, Dalian Sunshine Agri-tech Co., Ltd, Changchun Sunshine Bio-feed Co., Ltd and Changchun Grain Bio-tech Co., Ltd. 	Sunshine Agri Tech Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	--	May 28, 2009
SUG	Suparna Gold Corp. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets. The Company is principally engaged in the development of the Sara Creek Property in Suriname. It holds an approximate 80% interest in the Sara Creek Property. The Sara Creek Property is located in the Brokopondo and Sipalilwini districts of east central Suriname, South America. The Sara Creek Property covers an area of approximately 56,920 hectares. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Suparna Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 12, 2006
SPC	Superior Copper Corporation is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on emerging and transitional environments, and is exploring base metal assets located in Ontario under exploration licenses granted by local authorities. The Company's focus is its Superior Project in Ontario, Canada. The Company's primary land position is the Superior Project, which covers approximately 17,209 hectares in the Batchawana Bay area. The Superior Project located approximately 85 kilometers northwest of Sault Ste Marie, Ontario, is an approximately 179 square kilometers of contiguous claims, and includes the past-producing Coppercorp Mine. The Company also has around 22 additional claims covering an area of approximately 3,973 hectares (40 square kilometers), adjacent to the Superior Project. The addition of the new claim block increased the Company's land position to approximately 17,874 hectares. The Company has not conducted any revenue generating operations. 	Superior Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 7, 2004
SDR	Stroud Resources Ltd. is an international mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company operates in two segments: mineral exploration and oil and gas exploration and development. The Company has an exploration portfolio in Canada and Mexico. The Company holds interest in Santo Domingo Silver-Gold Project, Hislop Gold Project and Leckie Gold Project. The Company holds its interest in Santo Domingo property through its wholly owned subsidiary, Compania Minera San Diego y La Espanola S.A. de C.V., which holds prospecting and exploration permits for the property. The Company holds the title to four contiguous parcels (259 hectares), plus the surface rights only of an additional adjoining parcel (65 hectares) in Hislop Township, located in the Matheson Area of central-eastern Ontario. The Leckie Property consists of two patented claims and 10 unpatented claims, covering approximately 192 hectares. 	Stroud Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 18, 1983
SSS	Strike Diamond Corp., formerly Strike Graphite Corp, is a Canada-based mining and exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, evaluation and acquisition of mineral resources. The Company entered into an agreement to acquire an 80% interest in Sask Craton property and Sask Craton North property. The Sask Craton property is located within east-central Saskatchewan, which covers an area of approximately 1.25 acres. The Sask Craton North property covers an area of approximately 92,450 acres. 	Strike Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 8, 2008
SMS	SustainCo Inc., formerly Bellair Ventures Inc., offers sustainable infrastructure solutions and services. The Company's segments are Corporate, Geoexchange services, and Controls and Mechanical contracting. It conducts its operations through its subsidiaries, Clean Energy Developments Corp. (CleanEnergy) and VCI CONTROLS Inc. (VCI). CleanEnergy is a geoexchange company that provides heating and cooling solutions for residential and commercial buildings using energy from the earth. CleanEnergy provides turnkey solutions in design, installation, equipment and control systems of sustainable thermal energy systems. SustainCo Solutions & Services, an operating-as brand of VCI, provides building performance services, incorporating full life cycle asset optimization, finance, design, build, operations and maintenance services for new build and retrofit facilities. SustainCo Solutions & Services offers engineering services, performance monitoring and thermal energy systems, among others. 	SustainCo Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 22, 2008
SGM	Sutter Gold Mining Inc. (SGMI) is a resource company engaged in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company conducts operations on mining leases and produces gold from the Lincoln Mine Project, a gold mining prospect in the Mother Lode mining district of Amador County, California. The Company's Lincoln Mine Project is situated on approximately 551-acre block of surface and mineral rights owned in fee or leased from fee owners, in the central part of the 121- mile-long Mother Lode gold belt. The Company's property consists of approximately 3.5 miles of contiguous mineral rights within a 10-mile section of the Mother Lode belt. The Company's other property, Comet property, is located in Sacramento, California. 	Sutter Gold Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 7, 1990
SYZ	Sylogist Ltd. is a Canada-based technology innovation and licensing company which, through strategic acquisitions, investments and operations management, provides intellectual property solutions to a range of public and private sector customers. The Company operates two lines of business: the Public Sector division (Public), which is engaged in the business associated with the acquisitions of Serenic, Weave, Reflex and MasterWorks Software Systems and Bellamy Software. The Public business supports complementary activities, including application and data integration, application assistance and systems support. The Private Sector division (Private) provides software and implementation services. The Companys Mobile Software is used in manufacturing control, logistics, work order management, and automated data capture applications. Its Middleware products integrate data between enterprise systems, and packaged and custom application specific systems. 	Sylogist Ltd	Technology	Software	--	March 1, 1993
SY	Symbility Solutions Inc. is a Canada-based provider of cloud-based and smartphone and tablet-enabled claims technology for the property and casualty and health insurance industries. The Company has two operating divisions: Symbility Property and Symbility Health. Symbility Property is a property and casualty software that provides claims processing and estimating software for property and casualty insurers. Symbility Property is built around six modules, such as Symbility Claims Connect, Symbility Mobile Claims, Symbility Desk Adjuster, Symbility's Assemblies, Symbility Business Intelligence and Symbility's Video Connect. Symbility Health is group insurance software that provides software for insurers, third-party administrators, employee benefits brokers and the pharma industry. Symbility Health is built around four modules, such as Adjudicare, Symbility Health Mobile Claims, Symbility Health Online Claims Access and Portal, and Symbility Health UnionPro. 	Symbility Solutions Inc	Technology	Software	117	July 15, 1999
SYN	Syncordia Technologies and Healthcare Solutions Corp, formerly LL Capital Corp, is a Canada-based technology enhanced revenue cycle management (RCM) company. The Company is focused on various segments of healthcare, such as emergency medical services (EMS) and behavioral health. The Company is focused on investing in, partnering with and growing RCM companies. The Company has operations in North America and Europe. The Company is engaged in acquiring medical billing companies and in building a suite of RCM software solutions, the Syncordia Cloud. The RCM solutions include patient scheduling, electronic health records, claims management and analytics, among others. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is 9339639 Canada Limited. 	Syncordia Technologies and Healthcare Solutions Corp	Technology	Software	--	November 28, 2014
SYD	Synodon Inc. (Synodon) is a Canada-based company focused on providing aerial integrity management solutions for oil and gas pipeline operators. The Company has developed a remote gas sensing instrument called realSens that is capable of detecting ground-level hydrocarbon gas occurrences from an aircraft flying at an altitude of up to up to 300 meters (approximately 1,000 feet). The instrument contains a high definition photographic camera, a thermal camera, laser altimeter, global positioning system (GPS)/inertial navigation system (INS) system, on-board computer, control unit, power supply and an in-cockpit display system. It offers airborne pipeline integrity management services to operators of oil and gas pipelines, which include leak detection, pipeline threat assessment, Right-of-Way (R0W) change and slope analysis, tree canopy encroachment, water crossing analysis (including three dimensional (3-D) water crossings analysis) and pipeline location classification services. 	Synodon Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	August 14, 2000
SYL	Symax Lift (Holding) Co. Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in developing and manufacturing elevators in China and selling elevators, as well as the provision of installation and repair and maintenance services in China and overseas. The Company's products include Dingtai Passenger Elevator and Green Passenger Elevator, and other elevators. Dingtai Passenger Elevator and Green Passenger Elevator are aimed at residential and commercial buildings with 5-33 floors, including residential buildings in Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 and smaller cities of China, commercial buildings in Tier 4 and smaller cities of China and residential buildings in overseas market. Other elevators, which it offers include Toront Passenger Elevator, Freight Elevator, Villa Elevator, Panorama Elevator, Hospital Elevator, Escalator/Walkway and stair lifts. Its subsidiaries include China Elevator (Group) Limited, Symax Lift (Group) Limited and Symax Lift (China) Co., Ltd., among others. 	Symax Lift Holding Co Ltd	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	146	October 5, 2010
TPN	Taipan Resources Inc. (Taipan) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploring for and evaluating oil and gas resource deposits in East Africa and other prospective hydrocarbon provinces. Its properties include Block 1 Property and Block 2B Property in Kenya, which cover a total area of 27,711 square kilometers. It has a 20% participating interest in a Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with the government of Kenya for Block 1. The block 1 covers an area of 22,711 square kilometers and lies in northeast Kenya, bordering Somalia and Ethiopia. Taipan has a 30% interest and operatorship in the exploration phase in Block 2B. The Block 2B covers an area of 5,458 square kilometers, which is located at the extension of the NW-SE trending Anza Basin, near the juncture with both the Mandera-Lugh and Mochesa Basins. The Block contains both Tertiary and Cretaceous plays. It operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Lion Petroleum Corp. 	Taipan Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	June 5, 2006
TAJ	Tajiri Resources Corp. is a Canada-based precious metal exploration-stage company. The Companys principal business activities include acquiring and developing mineral properties. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company operates in two geographical locations which include Canada and Guyana where it has acquired Kaburi Project in Guyana. Kaburi property is the Companys 100% owned property. The Kaburi PL occupies 2,598 hectares (6,421 acres) of the Guiana Shield Greenstone Belt. . As of April 30, 2013, it did not have any source of revenue or operating assets. Tajiri would begin work with initial focus on the 26 known artisanal gold mining pits and extensive gold workings present on the Property. The identified gold workings are interpreted by the Company to be related to a regional structure identified as the Aurora-Gem Creek Corridor. 	Tajiri Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 21, 2008
TKK	Takara Resources Inc. (Takara) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in mineral exploration with focus on uranium assets located in the Athabasca Basin region of Saskatchewan, Canada. The Company holds a 100% interest in mineral claims prospective for uranium exploration in the north-west region of the Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan. The mineral claims include 19,180 hectares located in the Beaverlodge District, near Uranium City, Saskatchewan. The Company also holds additional 8,365 hectares in the Beaverlodge District. Takara holds a 100% interest in mineral rights in Miskamowin Nickel Project located in the Thompson Nickel Belt, Manitoba. 	Takara Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 29, 2005
TZM	Tanzania Minerals Corporation is a Canada-based minerals exploration company. The Company is in the business of exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Tanzania, Africa through its wholly owned subsidiary, Tansmin Resources (Tanzania) Limited (Tansmin). The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and evaluation of resource properties located in Tanzania. The Companys projects include Igurubi, Mrangi, Msasa and others (Siga, Kiagata, Nyamwaga (PL7505) and Katario). Igurubi is located in the easternmost part of the Nzega greenstone belt of the Lake Victoria Gold Field, 50 kilometers east of Resolute Mining. The Mrangi licence is located in the Musoma Greenstone Belt, 50 kilometers southwest of Musoma. Msasa is located in the Bukombe district in the Shinyanga region. 	Tanzania Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 29, 2007
TRO	Taranis Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company together with its subsidiaries is engaged in acquiring and exploring its mineral properties. The Company has properties in Finland and British Columbia. In British Columbia, the Company owns 100% of the Thor Property, which includes a land position North of Trout Lake and includes 23 Crown Grant Claims and over 18 square kilometers of additional exploration potential. The Company owns 11 Mineral Tenures directly at Thor and also holds an exploration property to the east called the Lime Dyke property. In Finland, the Company owns Riikonkoskii Property, which includes six mineral claims in Northern Finland. 	Taranis Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 27, 2001
TCI	Target Capital Inc. (Target) is a Canada-based investment company. The Company has investments in listed public companies, trailer fee rights, loans receivable, private companies and controlled private companies. The Company's investments include listed companies, small start-up operations, and land development corporations. The Company also makes investments in the voting shares of certain private companies. The Company's subsidiary, Industrial Avenue Development Corporation (IADC), is involved in the redevelopment of land in the greater Vancouver area. The Company receives its revenues from trailer fees, dividends, interest income and investment company fees. 	Target Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 24, 1997
TAN	Tanager Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas and mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal properties and oil and gas hydrocarbons in Alberta, Canada. It sells its production to refineries and marketers within the North American commodity market. The Company's principal business is the acquisition, exploration and development of conventional and unconventional oil and gas properties in Western Canada and a mineral property with gold, copper, silver and molybdenum potential in the Shebandowan gold camp in Ontario. The Company holds a 50% interest in the Joffre D-3 Oil Unit No. 1 in Alberta and a 100% interest in the Burchell Lake Property prospective for gold, copper, zinc and molybdenum located west of Thunder Bay, Ontario. 	Tanager Energy Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	1946
TKU	Tarku Resources Ltd., formerly Clear Creek Resources Ltd., is a Canada-based exploration company engaged in the exploration for mineral resources in the prolific Athabasca Basin in Northern Saskatchewan. The property in which the Company holds interests is in the exploration stage and is without a known body of commercial ore. The Company is focused on exploring the Tarku property. The Tarku property covers over 45,000 hectares along over 40 kilometers of the Virgin River Shear Zone (part of the crustal-scale Snowbird Tectonic Zone) and is located along same structure (Snowbird TZ) within 25 and 45 kilometers of Cameco's Dufferin Lake and Centennial deposits. The Tarku property comprises ten mineral claims. 	Tarku Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 26, 2011
TAC	Tasca Resources Ltd. is an exploration stage company. The Company is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. It is in the process of exploring its mineral property interest and has not yet determined whether it contains mineral reserves that are economically recoverable. 	Tasca Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 5, 2011
TGV	Tango Mining Limited is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration, acquisition and development of mineral properties in South Africa and Central America. The Companys Oena Project consists of one New Order Mining Lease located on the lower Orange River, Northern Cape Province, South Africa. Oena, a past producing alluvial diamond property, is located within an alluvial diamond mining province. El Santo is located within the highlands of the interior volcanic province to the south of the town of Santo Domingo. The mining district covers an area of approximately 150 square kilometers. Tango has four thermal coal, metallurgical and processing plant and engineering contracts that process 6.5 million tonnes per annum (19.5 million tonnes are contracted over next 3 years), with clientele that include Total (SA) and Glencor. The four projects are located within the Ogies and Highveld coalfields, Mpumalanga Province and Kliprivier coalfield, KwaZulu-Natal Province. 	Tango Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1	April 10, 2007
TSM	Tasman Metals Ltd, is Canada-based Company engaged in exploration of minerals and critical metals including Rare Earth Elements and tungsten in Scandinavia. The Companys exploration portfolio is uniquely placed, with the capacity to deliver critical metals from politically stable, mining friendly jurisdictions with developed infrastructure and skills. The Company operates two projects namely: rare earth element projects and Tungsten project. The Companys exploration portfolio is placed, with the capacity to deliver critical metals from politically stable, mining friendly jurisdictions with developed infrastructure and skills. The Company's Norra Karr and Olserum projects in Sweden are two of the significant heavy rare earth element resources in the world, enriched in dysprosium, yttrium, terbium and neodymium. The Company is now focused on the safe, sustainable and responsible development of its Scandinavian mineral portfolio. 	Tasman Metals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	7	August 27, 2007
TEA	nul	Tearlach Resources Ltd			--	
HOP	Telehop Communications Inc. (Telehop) provides telecommunication services. The Company operates through two segments: Retail and Wholesale. The Retail segment includes casual calling, a service which allows customers to access Telehop's network; subscriptions, a service which allows a customer to directly dial their long-distance number by dialing 1+ or 011+; home phone, under which Telehop markets a Voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) service under its Home Phone brand; Telehop business services, under which it offers hosted private branch exchange (PBX) business services; prepaid calling cards, under which it offers prepaid long-distance calling cards, and wireless services, under which it provides cellular phone communications services, subscriber identity module (SIM) cards, roaming devices and Wi-Fi roaming solutions. The Wholesale segment offers discounted rates to resellers to carry their calls through the Company's network. 	Telehop Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	May 11, 1993
TEM	Tembo Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company's principal business is the acquisition, exploration and development of gold resources properties in Tanzania, East Arica. The Company's asset is the Tembo Gold Project located directly northwest of and adjacent to Acacia Mining's Bulyanhulu mine. The Tembo Gold Project consists of 36 contiguous prospecting licenses and two license applications covering a total area of approximately 110 square kilometers. The Company's subsidiaries include Lakota Mining Company Limited, Tembo Gold (T) Limited, Bermuda Limited, Inkina Reefs Limited, Kiganga and Associates Gold Mining Company Limited, Mineral Industry Promotion and Consulting Company Limited, Parama & Company Limited, Reapa Business Associates Limited, Mwamba Resources Limited and Jope Business Associates Limited. 	Tembo Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 3, 1937
TPC	Tenth Avenue Petroleum Corp, formerly Jadela Oil Corp, is a Canada-based junior oil and gas exploration company operating in Western Canada and Texas, the United States. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production and development of petroleum and natural gas. The Company's Canadian oil operations are carried on in the name of Jadela. Jadela operates in Texas through a wholly owned subsidiary, Jadela Oil (US) Operating LLC (Jadela US). Jadela Oil Disposal Well Corp has a 22% co-ownership interest in a disposal well in Ft. Nelson, British Columbia. The Company has oil and gas mineral lease rights to approximately 7,128 gross acres and approximately 784 net acres. The Company has rights by way of mineral lease or options to acquire mineral leases to exploit oil and gas mineral rights in Maverick County, Texas. 	Tenth Avenue Petroleum Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	June 29, 2006
TSN	Telson Resources Inc. (Telson) is a Canada-based mineral resource company. The Company's principal business activity is the acquisition and exploration of mineral resource properties. Telson, through its Mexican subsidiaries, Samarkand de Mexico S.A. de C.V. (Samarkand) and Sierra Soleada S.A. de C.V. (Sierra), and its 99%-owned subsidiary, Sacramento de la Plata S.A. de C.V. (Sacramento), has an interest in two mineral exploration properties, the Tahuehueto Project, located in Durango State, and the Jocuixtita Property, located in Sinaloa State. The Company's Tahuehueto project, situated in a mining district of northwestern Durango State, covers approximately 9,081 hectares. Telson's Jocuixtita Property consists of five contiguous mining concessions covering a cumulative area of approximately 2,530 hectares located near to San Ignacio, and is approximately 120 kilometers north from Mazatlan, State of Sinaloa, Mexico. 	Telson Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 11, 1986
TII	Terra Firma Capital Corporation (Terra Firma) is a boutique real estate finance company that provides customized debt and equity solutions to the real estate industry. The principal business of the Company is to provide real estate financings secured by investment properties and real estate developments throughout Canada and the United States. These financings are made to real estate developers and owners who require shorter-term loans to bridge a transitional period of one to five years where they require capital at various stages of development or redevelopment of a property. The Company arranges financings for residential buildings, mixed-use properties, and land for residential and commercial development and construction projects, among others. Terra Firma also provides financing on income producing properties. 	Terra Firma Capital Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	July 26, 2007
TRA	Teras Resources Inc. is a Canada-based junior mining exploration and development company. The Company focuses on the creation of shareholder value through applying geology, geochemistry and geophysics to explore and develop gold and base metal properties in known producing areas of North America. The Company has various gold exploration projects located in Montana and Nevada, the United States. Its Watseca Mill Property is located in Rochester Basin, Montana, which includes a mill site and 13 mining claims, which contain exploited and untested gold vein deposits. Its Cahuilla project is located in northwest Imperial County, California. The Cahuilla Project is an epithermal, sediment-hosted, hot springs vein, stock work and disseminated gold-silver system hosted along a major east-west striking structural zone. The Company's Golden Jubilee property consists of approximately 22 mineral lode claims (approximately 227 acres) located in Granite County, Montana. 	Teras Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	November 24, 1994
TZR	Terrace Energy Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing onshore oil and gas properties in the United States. The Company uses multi-well pad drilling and unconventional frac designs to develop conventional reservoirs. The Company's projects include Olmos Tight Sandstone development project, Maverick County project and Big Wells project. The Company's Olmos Tight Sandstone Development project consists of eight wells. The Company's Maverick County project consists of approximately 147000 gross mineral acres and is in exploration with Eagle Ford Shale producers and the Cutlass Eagle Ford development project. The Company's subsidiaries include Terrace US Holdings LLC, Terrace Operating, LLC, Terrace Cutlass, LLC, Terrace STS, LLC, TEC Operating, LLC, Terrace BWP, LLC, Terrace Investment Holdings Inc. and TEC Olmos, LLC. 	Terrace Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	July 6, 2006
TZR.DB	nul	Terrace Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
TEN	Terraco Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mining company. The company is engaged in junior exploration of gold related assets including royalties and advanced and early stage gold-silver projects in Idaho and Nevada. The Companys projects include Almaden Nutmeg Mountain Project, Middlegate Project, Bonanza Project, Moonlight Project and Spring Valley assets. The Company has a 100% interest in the Almaden Nutmeg Mountain Project consisting of 12 leased patented lode mining claims approximately 248 acres. The Moonlight Project is located 34 kilometres 21 miles northeast of the town of Lovelock, Nevada. The Bonanza Property consists of nine patented and 14 unpatented mining claims consisting of approximately 450 acres located in La Paz County, Arizona. The Middlegate Property consists of the Thunder and Lightning unpatented mining claims, which covers approximately 40 acres in Churchill County, Nevada. 	Terraco Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 28, 1995
TXR	TerraX Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral exploration properties. The Company focuses on the Yellowknife City Gold Project (YCG), which comprises approximately 95 square kilometers of contiguous land immediately north of the City of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories and includes the Company's wholly owned Northbelt property. The Yellowknife City Gold project lies within the Yellowknife greenstone belt and covers 15 kilometers of strike length on the northern extension of the shear system that hosts the Con (6.1 million ounces (Moz)) and Giant (8.1 Moz) gold mines. The Company's project area includes numerous properties, such as Northbelt, Goodwin, Walsh Lake and U-Breccia, as well as staking additional contiguous lands to the west at Ryan Lake. Walsh Lake Property is contiguous east of the Northbelt property. U-Breccia consists of three claims totaling approximately 1,394 hectares. 	Terrax Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 1, 2007
TES	Tesoro Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company with land positions in Colombia's gold camps. The principal business of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of resource properties. The Company holds property interests in three of the country's prolific gold regions in Antioquia, Tolima-Quindio and Santander-Norte de Santander, Colombia, South America. The Company has an interest in El Tesoro Gold Mine, which is located in the Puerto Berrio Mining District in the Northeast Department of Antioquia, Colombia. The Company owns 100% interest White Gold Corporation. White Gold, through its wholly owned subsidiary Oro Barracuda Ltda., owns a 100% interest in the Tolimo & Quindio, Arboledas Gold Project and Surata Gold Project mineral property claims located in Colombia. 	Tesoro Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 29, 1987
TGC	Terra Nova Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of petroleum and natural gas properties. The Company has an oil and gas farm-in agreement to secure the right to earn up to a 55% working interest in petroleum rights on certain onshore Australian Petroleum Exploration Licenses (PEL), known as PEL's 112 and 444 (the Farm-in Agreement). PEL's 112 and 444 consists of approximately 2,196 square kilometers and 2,358 square kilometers. These properties are located on the Western flank of the Cooper-Eromanga Basin in the northeastern sector of the state of South Australia. 	Terra Nova Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 20, 2012
MIT	The Mint Corporation is a Canada-based company operating as a vertically integrated prepaid card and payroll services provider with its own Automated Teller Machine network, outsourced payment processing platform and branded card products with complementary products, including microfinance lending. The Company operates through two business segments: Corporate, which includes the Mint Corporation, Mint Technology Inc., 2417624 Ontario Inc. and Mint Gateway For Electronic Payment Services, and Micro-financing, which includes Mint Capital LLC and Mint Capital SPC Ltd. The Micro-financing segment provides and manages a micro-finance loan product. Mint operates through its subsidiaries and affiliates in the United Arab Emirates. 	Mint Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	124	April 13, 2004
TUO	Teuton Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, primarily in the Stewart-Premier-Sulphurets-Eskay Creek-Red Chris region of northwestern British Columbia (the Golden Triangle). The Company owns a 100% interest in 156 claims in the Skeena Mining Division representing 92,982 hectares and a 50% interest in a further 104 claims in the Skeena Mining Division representing 10,660 hectares. The Company owns 100% interest in Treaty Creek Property, which consists of 44 claims, and Leduc Sliver Property, which consists of 13 claims. The Company has an interest in Bonsai Property, Clone Property, Del Norte Property, Konkin Sliver Property, Tenure #508269, Stamp Claims, Four J's Claims, IC2 Claim, Lord Nelson Claims, Bay Sliver Claims and High South Claims. 	Teuton Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	
BCC	The Canadian Bioceutical Corporation (BCC), formerly Allegiance Equity Corporation, and its subsidiaries, develop, patent, produce, market and sell nutraceutical products for the treatment of chronic medical conditions. The Company's products include CinG-X, Relieva and FertaMax. CinG-X is a product, which combines standardized cinnamon and ginseng extracts that has been indicated to control glucose metabolism, improve cognitive function, and minimize the risk of developing and treating cardiovascular disease, diabetes, dementia and Alzheimer's. The Company markets CinG-X in both Canada and the United States through its wholly owned subsidiaries, The CinG-X Corporation and The CinG-X Corporation of America, respectively. Relieva, a micro-emulsion formulation, is indicated for various skin conditions. FertaMax is a natural health product targeted at maximizing human fertility. It holds a 1.5% Net Smelter Return in around 33 claims adjacent to the main Kirkland Lake Gold mining camp. 	Canadian Bioceutical Corp	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	--	April 2, 1974
WED	The Westaim Corporation (Westaim) is a Canadian investment company. The Company is engaged in providing long-term capital to businesses operating primarily within the global financial services industry. Westaim's investment objective is to maximize the intrinsic value of its businesses on a per share basis over the long term. The Company invests, directly and indirectly, through acquisitions, joint ventures and other arrangements, with the objective of providing its shareholders with capital appreciation and real wealth preservation. The Company's investments in private entities at December 31, 2014 consisted of its investment in Houston International Insurance Group, Ltd. (HIIG), through Westaim HIIG Limited Partnership (the Partnership). HIIG is a United States-based specialty insurance provider and managing general insurance agent covering risks across the United States and certain global markets. 	Westaim Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Appliances, Tools & Housewares	7	July 1, 2012
WI.P	nul	Western Investment Company of Canada Limited			--	
THH	Theia Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties with focus in Canada. The Company has right to earn a 60% undivided interest in the Fox and Two Times Fred properties. The Fox property is located approximately 20 kilometers southwest of the Endako molybdenum mine and approximately 40 kilometers to the southeast of the past producing Equity Silver mine. It is an epithermal gold/silver prospect, consisting of seven land tenures covering approximately 3,912 hectares. The Two Times Fred property is located in the central plateau of British Columbia approximately 32 kilometers southwest of the city of Vanderhoof and consists of over 10 land tenures covering kilometers 4,618hectares. The Two Times Fred is an epithermal gold/silver prospect. 	Theia Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 9, 2007
TMG	Thermal Energy International Inc. (Thermal Energy) is a Canada-based clean-tech company and a provider of energy and water efficiency and emission reduction products and solutions to the industrial, commercial and institutional markets. The Company operates through two segments: North America and China, which is managed from the Ottawa office, Canada, and Europe and rest of world, which is managed from the Bristol office, the United Kingdom. It is engaged in the development, engineering and supply of pollution control, heat recovery systems and condensate return solutions. It markets, sells, engineers, fabricates, constructs, installs and supports two technology lines: heat recovery solutions (FLU-ACE) and condensate return system solutions (GEM steam traps). It also develops a third technology line, which includes low temperature biomass drying systems (DRYREX). The Company's subsidiaries include Thermal Energy International (UK) Ltd. and Thermal Energy International Corporation. 	Thermal Energy International Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	May 22, 1991
TCX	ThermoCeramix Corporation (TCX), formerly Springrock Capital Inc., is a Canada-based technology-licensing company. The Company is engaged in the development of electric heating solutions. The Company's platform technology consists of a system of multi-layer coatings made of electro-resistive material that is applied directly to the surface requiring heat. TCX is primarily focused on licensing its heat-transfer technology to manufacturers across the industrial, consumer and residential markets. The Company is also engaged in the commercialization of the Hibachi, a single lead application that uses its technology. The Hibachi is an electric barbeque targeting the condominium market. TCX is also involved in conducting various paid application development projects, which include a tubular heater sprayed on titanium, a hidden-bake element, the development of a heater sprayed on a composite tool and a mold heater to be used in precision injection molding. 	ThermoCeramix Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 26, 2012
MAC	THEMAC Resources Group Limited is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is in the business of acquiring, exploring, and developing natural resource properties. The Company has one operating segment, which is the exploration and development of its mineral property. The Companys assets are distributed in two geographic regions, Canada and the United States of America. The Company is engaged in Copper Flat Project which is located in the Las Animas District of Sierra County, New Mexico, approximately 150 miles (242 kilometers) south of Albuquerque, New Mexico, and 20 miles (32 kilometers) southwest of Truth or Consequences, New Mexico. The project consists of 26 wholly owned patented mining claims, 184 unpatented mining claims and 29 placer mining claims totaling 4,241.2 acres (1,717 hectares). Copper Flat project is a porphyry copper-molybdenum-gold-silver deposit. The Companys subsidiaries include New Mexico Copper Corporation. 	THEMAC Resources Group Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	February 24, 1997
THX	Thor Explorations Ltd. is a junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in Senegal and Burkina Faso. Its segment is the exploration of mineral resource properties. It holds an interest in the Douta Gold Project, which consists of an early-stage gold exploration license located in southeastern Senegal, approximately 700 kilometers east of the capital city Dakar. The permit covers an area of approximately 100 square kilometers. It holds an interest in approximately two contiguous Bongui and Legue gold permits covering an area of approximately 230 square kilometers, and an interest in the Ouere gold permit, covering an area of approximately 240 square kilometers. These three Burkina Faso permits consist of the Central Hounde Project, which is located in the Hounde belt, covering approximately 260 kilometers southwest of the capital Ouagadougou, in western Burkina Faso. It has no revenues. 	Thor Explorations Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 11, 1968
TLT	Theralase Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based designer, developer, manufacturer and marketer of super-pulsed laser technology used in biostimulative and biodestructive clinical applications. The Company's technology platform targets healthcare sectors: for non-invasive pain management and clinical therapy, used in neural muscular skeletal conditions, including arthritis and osteoarthritis; wound care and healing, and research and development (R&D) into combining patented photodynamic compounds with patented, super-pulsed, biofeedback laser technology to attack targeted cancers, bacteria and viruses. The Company is organized into two operating divisions. The Therapeutic Laser Technology division is responsible for all aspects of the Company's therapeutic laser business. The Photo Dynamic Therapy division is responsible for the R&D of Photo Dynamic Compounds (PDCs) for the destruction of primarily cancer. 	Theralase Technologies Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	0	August 22, 1989
THM	Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. is a mineral exploration stage company. The Company is in the business of exploring for mining properties that have the potential to produce gold, silver, base metals and other commodities. It is engaged in developing their holdings in the Thunder Mountain Mining district, Valley County, Idaho. Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, owns South Mountain Mines, Inc., an owner of South Mountain mine. The Company, including its subsidiaries, owns rights to claims and properties in the mining areas of Nevada and Idaho. The land package at South Mountain consists of a total of approximately 1,158 acres, consisting of 17 patented claims (326 acres) the Company owns outright; lease on private ranch land (542 acres), and 21 unpatented lode mining claims on BLM managed land (290 acres). 	Thunder Mountain Gold Inc			2	December 10, 2007
AWE	Thunderstruck Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company's principal activity is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company focuses on prospective VMS and Precious Metals projects in Fiji. 	Thunderstruck Resources Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 27, 2011
TWM	Tidewater Midstream and Infrastructure Ltd. is focused on purchasing, selling and transportation of natural gas liquids (NGLs), such as ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline throughout North America and export to overseas markets. The Company is also focused on the acquisition and development of oil and gas infrastructure, such as gas plants, pipelines, railcars, trucks, export terminals and storage facilities. The Company has no operations. 	Tidewater Midstream and Infrastructure Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	February 4, 2015
TIL	Till Capital Ltd. is a Canada-based exempted holding company. The Company was formed to respond to the market need for more capacity for certain types of insurance and reinsurance. It conducts its reinsurance business through a wholly owned subsidiary, Resource Re Ltd. (RRL). RRL operates through the Multi-Strat Re Ltd. (MSRE) program as a global property and casualty reinsurer. The Company generates underwriting income by offering reinsurance coverage to a select group of insurance companies, captive insurers that wish to redeploy capital more productively, profitable privately held insurers with capital constraints that limit growth or wish to redeploy capital more productively, and insurers and reinsurers that are under regulatory, capital or ratings stress. Its subsidiaries include Cuesta del Cobre S.A. and Till Capital US Holding Corp., among others. 	Till Capital Ltd	Financials	Reinsurance	15	August 20, 2012
SCR	theScore, Inc. is a Canada-based digital media company. The Company through its mobile application provides sports updates, news, scores, fantasy information and alerts. Its mobile application enables to share the updates. The Company's products include theScore, eSports, Swoopt and ScoreMobile FC. The Company offers its theScore and ScoreMobile FC through iPhone, Android, Blackberry and Windows mobile applications. It offers eSports and Swoopt through iPhone and Android mobile applications. theScore is a sports application, which covers various leagues, teams and players. It provides scores, stats and news in one place. Its Swoopt is a mobile fantasy game. It offers daily fantasy sports cash contests. Its eSports offers various games news and data coverage, breaking news, live scores, stats push alerts and links to video highlights and streams. 	theScore Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	290	September 30, 2012
TGR	Tiger International Resources Inc., a Canada-listed company, engaged in the exploration and development of mining properties. The Company focuses on acquisition and exploration of resource properties through claiming, purchase or partnership with vendors. The Company conducts business in minerals exploration and extraction in the Philippines. It has gold exploration project in the Philippines, known as the Itogon Gold and Silver Project, and Esperanza Project. The Itogon project is held by Tiger Internationals Philippine-based wholly owned subsidiary Cordillera Tiger Gold Resources, Inc. ECR Minerals plc of London, United Kingdom has the right to earn a 50% interest in the Itogon project and is currently the operator of the project, through Cordillera Tiger. The Company has not generated revenues from its operations so far. 	Tiger International Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	October 16, 1984
SCR.WT	nul	theScore Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	
TNC	TIO Networks Corp. is a Canada-based information technology company that specializes in processing bill payment transactions through a secure Internet enabled platform. The Company is a cloud based multi-channel bill payment processor. It serves telecom, wireless, cable and utility network operators in North America. The Company, through its subsidiary, Global Express Money Orders, Inc., is licensed to sell money orders in 13 states and the state of Columbia. The services offered by the Company include kiosk solutions, clerk assisted solutions, mobile bill pay solutions and Web solutios. It also offers Tio mobilepay and Tio connect services. 	TIO Networks Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	June 17, 1997
TBR	Timberline Resources Corporation (Timberline) is a United States-based mining company. The Company is focused on advancing district-scale gold exploration and development projects in Nevada, including its Talapoosa project in Lyon County. The Talapoosa property is a low-sulphidation gold/silver property in the Walker Lane gold trend of western Nevada, approximately 45 kilometers east of Reno. Timberline also controls the 23 square-mile Eureka project lying on the Battle Mountain-Eureka gold trend. At Eureka, the Company continues to advance its gold resource at the Lookout Mountain project area. Timberline also owns the Seven Troughs property in northern Nevada, as well as interests in the Butte Highlands high-grade underground gold project in Montana. The Butte Highlands Joint Venture project has various gold deposits, including Butte, Golden Sunlight, Montana Tunnels and Virginia City. 	Timberline Resources Corp			--	August 15, 2008
TCA	Timia Capital Corp, formerly GreenAngel Energy Corp., is a Canada-based revenue financing company. The Company provides investment capital to Canadian technology companies in exchange for a royalty on revenue. The Company's financing option complements both debt and equity financing, as well as allows entrepreneurs to retain control of their own business. In addition, the Company manages its investments in the clean energy sector, as well as provides strategic and business advisory services. The Company invests in startup technology companies. Its investment policy includes identifying angel-stage companies that have a valuation of approximately $2 to 3 million. The Company is also engaged in selling financial instruments to investors. The Company manages PowerHaus Technology Ventures (VCC) Inc. 	Timia Capital Corp	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	October 26, 2007
TK	Tinka Resources Limited (Tinka) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious and base metals on mineral properties located in Peru. The Companys projects include Colquipucro silver and Ayawilca zinc projects in central Peru. Tinka also has around 11 mining concessions covering approximately 7,337 hectares in Peru. Its Colquipucro is a silver oxide project located in the Peruvian Andes, around 200 kilometers north of Lima in the Pasco region. The Company has completed around 8,003 meters of diamond drilling at the Colquipucro project, which consisted of approximately 1,578 meters in ten holes. Its Ayawilca Zinc Project lies two kilometers south of Colquipucro project. The Company has drilled approximately 18,756 meters in around 54 diamond drill holes at Ayawilca Zinc Project. Its Other Projects in Peru include Suriloma property, Rurimarac gold project, Parihuana property and Pampa Blanca. 	Tinka Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 15, 1987
TTD	Tinkerine Studios Ltd. is engaged in developing, manufacturing and selling desktop three dimensional (3D) printers, content and software for the consumer and education markets. The Company's products include Ditto Pro, Ditto+, and Litto 3D printers. The Company backs its products and services with Tinkerine U, which is the Company's 3D educational content and online training platform. 	Tinkerine Studios Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 25, 2006
TTS	Tintina Mines Limited is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition and exploration of gold and base mineral properties in Canada, with the intent of developing and placing the properties into production. The Company's principal asset is its interest in the Red Mountain molybdenum deposit in the Whitehorse Mining district in Yukon. The Red Mountain molybdenum deposit has undergone a drill program of approximately 21,000 meters and has a total inferred resources of 187.3 million tons grading 0.167% Molybdenum disulfide (using a 0.10% Molybdenum disulfide cutoff), including around 21.3 million tons grading 0.293% Molybdenum disulfide (using a 0.25% cut-off) within a high-grade core of the deposit. The Company is a development-stage company and has no significant revenue from operations. 	Tintina Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2	December 6, 1961
TAU	Tintina Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mining exploration and development company. The Company is in the process of exploring its resource property. The Company's segment is the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company's resource properties are located in the state of Montana in the United States. The Company's flagship property is the Black Butte Copper Project, which is located in central Montana, the United States. Black Butte Copper is a copper deposit in development in North America, with measured and indicated (M&I) resources of approximately 1.18 billion pounds of copper (Cu) at a grade of approximately 3.4%, and inferred resources of approximately 140 million pounds of copper (Cu) at a grade of approximately 2.8%. The Black Butte Copper property consists of approximately 12,000 acres of both long-term mining leases on private ranch lands and federal mining claims. 	Tintina Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 30, 1998
TXX	Tirex Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company engaged in the business of acquisition and exploration of natural resource properties in Albania. The Company's projects include Rehova Project, which is located southeast of Tirana in central Albania and contains four historical volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) deposits; Mirdita Project, which covers most of the Mirdita VMS District; South Gurthi No. 1, located in the central portion of the Mirdita property; South Gurthi No. 2, which is located around 450 meters south of South Gurthi No. 1.; Letitna Zone, which is located one kilometer east of South Gurthi, and Koshaj Zone, which is located 2.5 kilometers north of South Gurthi. In addition to the drilling, the Company carries out field work, including airborne and ground geophysics, geochemistry and geological mapping. The Company did not generate any revenue. 	Tirex Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 1, 2006
TIC	Titanium Corporation Inc. is a Canada-based development stage company. The Company has developed Creating Value from Waste (CVW) technology that recovers valuable heavy minerals, bitumen, solvent and water from oil sands waste tailings. Its technology is designed to be applicable in all open-pit oil sands operations and to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions at oil sands sites. Treatment and reuse of tailings water by its process has the potential to reduce the consumption of fresh river water and the footprint of tailings ponds. The Company is at the development and pre-commercialization stage and does not have revenues or associated agreements such as supply, marketing or services agreements. 	Titanium Corporation Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 19, 2009
TNR	TNR Gold Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company focused on developing gold and copper projects. The Company is in the process of exploring and developing its mineral properties located in the United States and Canada. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company's projects include the Shotgun gold project in Alaska and the Los Azules Copper Property in Argentina. Its flagship Shotgun Gold Project is an advanced-stage exploration prospect. The Company owns 100% of the Shotgun Gold Project consisting of a total of around 108 claims covering an area of approximate 6,993 hectares. The Shotgun Gold Project is located in southwestern Alaska, approximately 150 kilometers north of Dillingham. 	TNR Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	January 14, 1988
TLA	Titan Logix Corp is a Canada-based Company specialized in Research and Development, manufacturing and marketing of advanced technology fluid management solutions. The Companys products include Guided Wave Radar (GWR) gauges for level measurement and overfill prevention (particularly for use in mobile tanker applications), level gauges for storage tanks, and communication systems for remote alarming and control. The products are currently used in the oil and gas, waste fluid collection, chemical and aviation industries. The Companys slogan is Advanced Technology Fluid Management Solutions, In the Field, On the Road, In the Office. In the Field refers to solution offerings for storage tanks and process vessels. On the Road refers to solution offerings for mobile tanker trucks and trailers. In the Office refers to solution offerings that enable customers to monitor their fluid assets from their dispatch center or other back office environment through a wired or wireless connection. 	Titan Logix Corp	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	March 27, 2013
TSP	TitanStar Properties Inc. is a Canada-based real estate holding company. The Company is engaged in the ownership of real property interests, consistent with a well-established investment policy. The Company's real estate portfolio consists of four properties, such as Deer Springs Property, Swanway Plaza, San Tan Plaza and Adam's Dairy Landing. The Deer Springs Property is a 20.7 acre parcel of property located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Swanway Plaza is a 55,790 square foot retail shopping center located at the Broadway Boulevard and Swan Road intersection in Tucson, Arizona. The San Tan Plaza is a 29,940 square foot retail shopping center covering a total site area of over seven acres, located directly adjacent to Loop 202 in Chandler, Arizona. The Adam's Dairy Landing is a 279,934 square foot retail shopping center located in Blue Springs, Missouri. 	Titanstar Properties Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	June 3, 2008
TSP.DB	nul	Titanstar Properties Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
TIM	Ferrum Americas Mining Inc. (Ferrum) is a Canada-based minerals exploration company. The principal business activity of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and development of iron-ore properties in the Americas. The Company's Cerro Rojo iron ore project is located in eastern Bolivia, approximately 55 kilometer west of Puerto Suarez and the Hidrovia River system near Corumba, Brazil. The Cerro Rojo project consists of four mining concessions and 53 claims (or squares) with each square having an area of 25 hectares. The concessions consist of Damasias Fatima, Cerro Chico, Cerro Lejos and part of Fatima, all totaling 1,325 hectares. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Empresa Minera Yacuses S.A. (Yacuses). 	Ferrum Americas Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	0	November 30, 2011
TOM	Tolima Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company that acquires, explores and develops mineral properties, primarily gold properties in Colombia. The Companys properties are all at an early stage of exploration. It entered into an agreement with IAMGOLD Corporation, which will have the option to acquire up to a 70% interest in 26 mining properties (the Properties) comprising Tolimas ANCAL project and for further joint development of the Properties. The Company and Solvista Gold Corporation (Solvista) entered into a definitive agreement to consolidate a portion of their properties in the Middle Cauca Gold Belt of Colombia. The Company currently operates in two significant geographical areas, being Canada and Colombia. 	Tolima Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	123	September 23, 1935
TTR	Titanium Transportation Group Inc is an asset-based transportation and logistics company. The Company provides truckload and cross-border trucking services, freight logistics services, and warehousing and distribution services. Its segments include Truck Transportation, Logistics and Corporate. The Company offers its services across Canada and the United States with operations based in Woodbridge, Ontario; terminals in Bracebridge, Orillia and Napanee, Ontario, and additional parking or switch yards in Barrie, Bolton, Brantford, Brockville, Burlington, Penetanguishene and Trenton, Ontario. The Company, through Titanium Trucking Services Inc., offers a fleet of over 450 power units and over 1,200 trailers. Its outsourced warehousing and distribution services include Order Management and Fulfillment; Cross Dock, Pick N Pack, packaging, kitting and sub assembly; Inventory Control; lot and date management; bar code labelling, and reverse logistics, refurbished and restock processes. 	Titanium Transportation Group Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	--	
LOT	TomaGold Corporation is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, evaluation and development of gold mining properties. The Company's segment is being the sector of exploration and evaluation of mineral resources. The Company holds interest in approximately eight gold properties in Northern Quebec, including Monster Lake, Winchester, Lac a l'Eau Jaune, Cookie Monster, Little Monster and Lac Cavan near the Chibougamau mining camp, as well as Urban Lake in Lebel sur Quevillon and Vassan in Val-d'Or. Its Vassan property covers over 320 hectares; Urban property covers an area of over 1,000 hectares; Monster Lake property covers an area of over 4,700 hectares; Winchester property covers over 1,000 hectares; Lac a l'Eau Jaune property covers over 1,300 hectares; Lac Cavan property covers over 2,300 hectares; Little Monster property covers an area of over 1,120 hectares, and Cookie Monster property covers an area of over 1,500 hectares. 	TomaGold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 20, 2005
TTZ	Total Telcom Inc., through its subsidiary ROM Communications Inc. (ROM), is a developer and provider of Web to wireless products and services in North America. The Company provides its customers with Web to wireless product sales, installation services and monthly access services. ROM is engaged in the development of wireless communications that provide monitoring, tracking and remote control solutions for commercial, industrial and consumer applications. Its products and services are based on ROM's Web to wireless technology, and second generation hardware and software marketed as TextAnywhere, Alarm Point and ROMTraX modules. These modules are wireless modems that utilize microcomputers integrated with sensors, global positioning system (GPS) engines and various inputs and outputs and interfaced by the user through the Internet. ROM is an airtime reseller and hardware developer for satellite, cellular and wireless Internet Protocol (IP) Networks. 	Total Telcom Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	0	
TOO	Toro Oil & Gas Ltd. (Toro), Kallisto Energy Corp., is a junior oil and gas company focusing on light oil development and exploitation of known or existing reservoirs in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas reserves in Alberta and Saskatchewan. Toro's oil and gas production comes from approximately 79 wells (47.1 net), all of which are in Alberta. Its properties include Hamilton Lake, Alberta; Consort, Alberta; Esther, Alberta; Pembina, Alberta; Minnehik  Buck Lake, Alberta, and Valhalla, Alberta. Toro owns a 100% working interest in a unit in the Hamilton Lake oil resource play. The Consort Assets consist of 32.5 net sections, 100% owned by Toro. Its Esther property is located near the Alberta-Saskatchewan border. It owns a 30% working interest in three sections in this Cardium oil resource play. It owns a 100% interest in the Valhalla area and Minnehik  Buck Lake area. 	Toro Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 21, 2001
THP	Totally Hip Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based apple QuickTime developer. The Company is engaged in developing convergent media technologies. The Companys products allow users to create content with interactivity combined with video and other digital media integration. The Company develops software, enterprise solutions and services to produce and deliver convergent media solutions. 	Totally Hip Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	March 8, 1995
TWR	nul	Tower Resources Ltd			--	
TAE	nul	Transamerican Energy Inc			--	
TNG	TransGaming Inc. (TransGaming) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the distribution of on-demand cloud gaming through GameTree TV. The Company focuses on the digital distribution of games for smart televisions (TVs), set-top boxes and the connected living room, through GameTree TV. Its GameTree TV, an on-demand cloud gaming service, is accessible to the connected television distribution. TransGaming's cross-platform capabilities enable personal computer (PC) and console titles with various games franchises and development partners for the Android television and smart television. Its SwiftShader graphics processor unit (GPU) toolkit is a software three-dimensional (3D) rendering technology. Its GameTree TV content is available on Liberty Global's Horizon set-top box, across Europe, including the Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland, Ireland, Poland and Hungary. Its GameTree TV is available on approximately 100 million smart televisions of various television brands. 	TransGaming Inc	Technology	Software	35	May 31, 2006
TCO	nul	Transatlantic Mining Corp			--	
TEP.UN	Transeastern Power Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based unincorporated open-ended limited purpose trust. The Trust, through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in Canada, the Netherlands and Romania, has been formed to acquire interests in renewable energy assets in Romania, other countries in Europe and abroad that can provide stable cash flow to the Trust and a suitable risk-adjusted return on investment. The Trust seeks to provide investors with long-term, stable distributions, while preserving the capital value of its investment portfolio through investment, principally in a range of operational assets, which generate electricity from renewable energy sources, with a particular focus on hydroelectric power. 	Transeastern Power Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 3, 2014
TEP.DB	nul	Transeastern Power Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TVL	Traverse Energy Ltd. is an oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company conducts its operations in the province of Alberta. Its production consists of natural gas, oil and associated liquids. Its principal oil and natural gas properties are located in the areas of Coyote, Turin, and Brazeau in the province of Alberta. In the Coyote area, located east of Drumheller in East Central Alberta, the Company holds a 100% working interest in 32,040 net acres. In the Turin area, located northeast of Lethbridge in Southern Alberta, it holds a 100% interest in 7,720 acres. In the Brazeau area, located northwest of Rocky Mountain House in West Central Alberta, it has a gross overriding royalty interest in 10 sections (6,400 acres). The Company holds various minor over-riding royalty (ORR) interests in 14 producing oil and natural gas wells, all located within the province of Alberta. 	Traverse Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 1, 2010
XTM	Transition Metals Corp. is a multi-commodity mineral exploration company. The Company has generated approximately 26 projects within five district scale exploration opportunities encompassing approximately 1,737 square kilometers, which include Abitibi Gold, the Nunavut Gold and Diamonds, Saskatchewan Copper, Thunder Bay Ni-Cu-PGM's and Sudbury Ni-Cu-PGMs. The Company's projects include Gowganda Gold Project, Haultain Gold Property, Haultain West Property, Nicol Property, West Matachewan Property, Elephant Head Property, Golden Elk, New Kirkland Property, Kidd Gold Property, Jumping Moose Property, Pipestone Project, Itchen lake property, Article 41, Gondor Lake-CO-82 Property, Fire Shear-CO-20 Property, Anialik-CO-30 Property, Arcadia Bay-CO-31 Property, Janice Lake Property, Sunday Lake property, Aer-Kidd property, Owen Nickel Property, Timberwolf Property, Homathko Property, Doherty Lake Property, North Vermilion and Mayflower Property. 	Transition Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 5, 2009
TOE	Tri Origin Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's principal objectives are to explore and, if warranted, develop its existing precious and base metal properties in Ontario. It holds interest in the Red Lake Extension (RLX), North Abitibi, Sky Lake and Detour West properties in Ontario, Canada. Its RLX is a gold exploration project located approximately 15 kilometers southeast of the Town of Red Lake in northwestern Ontario. Its Sky Lake is a gold exploration project is located approximately 35 kilometers southwest of Pickle Lake in northwestern Ontario. Its North Abitibi is a gold exploration project located approximately 150 kilometers north of Kirkland Lake, Ontario, in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt. Its Detour West is a gold exploration project located approximately 180 kilometers north of Timmins, Ontario. It holds indirect interest in base and precious metal exploration in Australia through its equity holding in Heron Resources Ltd (HER). 	Tri Origin Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3	June 6, 1989
TRS	nul	Tres Or Resources Ltd			--	
TVR	Tri River Ventures Inc is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of assets. The Company's The Lianlong property is located on the eastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau in western Sichuan Province, China. The exploration permit covers an area of 8.87 square Kilometers in the Three Rivers metallogenic province, which contains several mines for the production of silver, gold, copper, lead, and zinc. 	Tri River Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 12, 2005
TTG	Trident Gold Corp. (Trident) is a Canada-based company, engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the mining of precious metals in Colombia, South America. The Company is primarily focused on the Marquesa Gold Project located in the department of Antioquia. The project is a high-grade vein target in exploration-stage. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Marquesa Gold Project. The Company's Marquesa Gold Project consists of an exploration property portfolio covering approximately 120,399 hectares, located near the town of Yali, approximately 97 kilometers northeast of the city of Medellin, Department of Antioquia, Colombia, South America. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Trident Gold Corp. N.V. (Trident Curacao), Ranten XXI S.L.U. (Trident Spain) and Marquesa Gold S.A.S. (Trident Colombia). 	Trident Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 29, 2010
TE	nul	Trinity Valley Energy Corp			--	
TRU	nul	Trius Investments Inc			--	
TYE	Troymet Exploration Corp. (Troymet) is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the gold and base metal exploration. Troymets objective is to acquire interests in projects which host gold and base metal deposits. The Company is in the process of exploring and evaluating its mineral assets. Troymet has not generated any revenue. The Companys projects are located in Manitoba, British Columbia and Nunavut. The Companys properties include Golden Eagle project and McClarty Lake property. The Company has 100% interest in the 8,178 hectare Golden Eagle project, which is located 70 kilometers west-northwest of Atlin. The Company has a working interest in the 596 hectare McClarty Lake property, which is located 47 kilometers south-southwest of Snow Lake, Manitoba. Troymet owns 100% of three claims, which consists of 344 hectares and 40% interest in two claims, which consists of 252 hectares. 	Troymet Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 4, 2007
TGM	TrueGold Mining Inc is a mineral exploration and development company focused on exploring and developing gold projects in West Africa. The Company has interests in properties that are located in Proterozoic Birimian greenstone sequences that host most of the gold deposits in West Africa. The Company's properties include Karma Project, Liguidi Project, Bissa East Project and Bissa West Project. The Karma Project is located in north-central Burkina Faso, near the city of Ouahigouya, approximately 185 kilometers north-west of Ouagadougou, the capital city of Burkina Faso. The Liguidi Project is located in east-central Burkina Faso, near the village of Liguidi-Malguem, approximately 125 kilometers south-east of the capital city, Ouagadougou. The Company holds two permits (Tangapella and Biliga) in the Bissa area located in north-central Burkina Faso. 	TrueGold Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 2, 1987
TRB	Tribute Resources Inc. is a Canada-based energy and natural resource company. The Company's primary lines of business include renewable energy project development, natural gas production and the development of natural resource projects, including underground natural gas storage. The Company focuses on the development and ownership of renewable energy and natural resource projects in Canada. The Company owns the storage rights to four depleted natural gas pools in Huron County and one in Chatham-Kent County. The Company, through its subsidiary Western Tidal Holdings, is focused on developing tidal power energy in British Columbia. The Company's subsidiaries include Bayfield Pipeline Corp. and Bayfield Resources Inc. 	Tribute Resources Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	May 15, 1997
TGX	True North Gems Inc (True North) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of colored gemstone deposits. The Company's property includes Aappaluttoq Ruby and Pink Sapphire Project, which is located in southwest Greenland approximately 150 kilometers south of the capital Nuuk and 20 kilometers southeast of the town of Qeqertarsuatsiaat. The Company has a license of 30-year exclusive mining, covering an area of approximately 20 square kilometers in the Aappaluttoq Ruby and Pink Sapphire Project. The Company carries on business in Canada and Greenland. True North Gems Greenland A/S (TNGG) is a subsidiary of the Company. 	True North Gems Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 25, 2001
TRM	Trueclaim Exploration Inc. (Trueclaim) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metals properties in areas within Ontario and in Arizona. Trueclaim's properties include the Scadding Property Mine, located in the Sudbury Area, Ontario, and the Gila County Property, located in Gila County, Arizona, the United States. The Company holds mineral exploration rights for approximately 14,500 hectares (35,800 acres) in the East Wanapitei Area. Trueclaim has an option agreement with Black Diamond Exploration Inc. (Black Diamond) to acquire 100% of the 127 claims owned by Black Diamond representing approximately 2,500 acres. The claims area is located in and around an area known as the Richmond Basin in the Apache Mountains of Gila County, located approximately 100 miles east of Phoenix, Arizona. The property includes the former McMorris and Silver Seven mines, as well as various other mines. 	Trueclaim Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	May 17, 2006
TSD	Tsodilo Resources Limited (Tsodilo) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged principally in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in the Republic of Botswana. Tsodilo has an approximate 98% operating interest in its Botswana subsidiary, Newdico (Proprietary) Limited (Newdico), which holds one prospecting license covering approximately 851 square kilometers in northwest Botswana. Its subsidiary, Gcwihaba Resources (PTY) Limited (Gcwihaba), has one diamond prospecting license covering approximately 494 square kilometers, 22 metal (base, precious, platinum group and rare earth) licenses covering around 1,244.8 square kilometers and eight radioactive minerals licenses in renewal. It has around 75% interest in its wholly owned Botswana subsidiary, Bosoto (Pty) Limited, which holds the precious stone prospecting license for the area which contains the BK16 kimberlite. 	Tsodilo Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	26	November 29, 1995
TSG	TriStar Gold, Inc. is an exploration-stage business. The primary business focus of the Company is the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal prospects, including exploration of the Castelo de Sonhos and Bom Jardim properties in the Tapajos Gold District of Brazil's northerly Para State. Its properties are in the exploration stage and are gold prospects in Brazil. Castelo de Sonhos consists of 32,031 hectares of mineral rights. The host rocks for the property's gold mineralization are quartzites, meta-arenites and metaconglomerates of the Early Proterozoic (+2 Ga years) Castelo de Sonhos Formation. Bom Jardim is a circular structure. The geology of the area is composed of intermediate-acid volcanic rocks of the Uatuma Tectono-Magmatic event (1,900-1,882 Ma). The volcanic rocks are rhyodacites and latites of the Bom Jardim Formation and dacites and rhyolites of the Salustiano Formation. 	TriStar Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	31	May 21, 2010
TGK	Trio Gold Corp. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, maintenance, exploration and development of precious mineral properties in Canada and internationally. The Company focuses on the exploration of gold, silver and copper. The Company's properties include the Rodeo Creek property, the Night Hawk property and the McNeil property. The Company owns the Rodeo Creek property. Its Rodeo Creek is located near Carlin, in Elko County, northeastern Nevada. Its Rodeo Creek is a Carlin-type gold property, which includes around 29 claims and covers an area of approximately 548 acres. The Company owns the Night Hawk and the McNeil properties, which are located near Timmins, Ontario and cover an area of 24,200 acres. The McNeil project includes Isadore Mic-Mac area, the Bullseye area, the Weekley area and the Kirkham anomaly. 	Trio Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 18, 1977
TBO	Turbo Capital Inc., formerly Brookemont Capital Inc.,is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in mining and has multiple projects in Canada. The Company has the Kenagami Hydrothermal Graphite Prospect. The Company has discovered a large TDEM conductive anomaly on the Kenagami Hydrothermal Graphite prospect in Ontario. This anomaly measures approximately 800 metres by 500 metres and is outlined using the airborne survey. The Company also has the Albany East Hydrothermal Graphite Prospect in Ontario. The Company also has land prospective for aluminous clay and rare earth in the Gaspe Bay Region of Quebec. The Company has completed multiple work programs on its white gold property in the Yukon and a multi-element anomaly is detected by it. The Companys soil geochemical program defined five separate zones that returned anomalous Aluminum Oxide (Al2O3) values in the gaspe bay region of Quebec. 	Turbo Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 28, 2007
TQC.P	Turquoise Capital Corp. (Turquoise) is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in the identification and evaluation of businesses and assets with a view to completing a Qualifying Transaction (QT). The Company intends to pursue a QT in the research and development, technology, agricultural, industrial and or mining sectors. The Company has not conducted operations of any kind. 	Turquoise Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 14, 2012
TYP	Typhoon Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's properties include Fayolle, Faille 1, Monexco, Aiguebelle-Goldfields, Destorbelle, Nordair, Ranger and Sommet. Its Fayolle property consists of 39 mining claims in the Aiguebelle and Clericy townships. The Company's Faille 1 Property consists of 14 mining claims (claims) located in the townships of Clericy and La Pause. Its Monexco Property consists of 42 contiguous mining claims and cells. The Company's Aiguebelle-Goldfields Property consists of six mining claims in the Aiguebelle Township. The Company's Destorbelle Property consists of 24 mining claims, located at the junction of the Destor, Clericy and Aiguebelle townships. Its Nordair Property consists of 39 mining claims; Ranger Property consists of 13 mining claims covering a surface of approximately 556.16 hectares, and Sommet Property consists of 11 mining claims covering a surface of approximately 467.86 hectares. 	Typhoon Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 13, 1998
UG	UGE International Ltd. (UGE), formerly Way Ventures Inc., is a Canada-based provider of renewable energy solutions. The Company is engaged in designing and manufacturing wind turbines to couple with solar panels, and providing services, such as remote site design, installation and monitoring. The Company sells both turn-key projects and components. Its turn-key projects include services, such as system engineering, installation and construction, operations and maintenance (O&M), and arrangement of financing, together with procurement and delivery of the components that make up the energy system and are below one megawatt in size. The components of its energy solution include solar panels, solar racking, wind turbines, wind turbine towers, power electronics, batteries, and remote monitoring, among others. The Company has operations in the People's Republic of China (PRC) and the United States. 	UGE International Ltd	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	March 18, 2011
TUS	Tuscany Energy Ltd. (Tuscany) is a heavy oil development and production company with reserves, land holdings and production in Canada. The Company's principal focus is the exploitation of oil resources in Alberta and Saskatchewan through horizontal drilling. Tuscany has a 60% working interest in 13 producing Dina heavy oil wells (7.8 net wells) and three wells (1.8 net wells). Tuscany also has a 100% working interest in three producing Sparky oil wells and a gas well providing fuel gas to the property. In the Macklin area, Tuscany has a 100% working interest in 15 producing Dina heavy oil wells (15 net wells) and two wells (two net wells), which are shut in pending the completion of facilities to connect the wells to water handling systems owned by Tuscany. Tuscany holds an interest in 2306 acres (2286 net acres) on the Morgan property. 	Tuscany Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	14	November 7, 1994
TWY	Twyford Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of mineral exploration and development. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation assets. All of the Companys exploration and evaluation assets are located in Canada. The Company has no revenues. 	Twyford Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 9, 2010
UGD	Unigold Inc. (Unigold) is a Canada-based junior natural resource company focused on exploring and developing its land position in the Dominican Republic, within Cretaceous age, Tireo Formation. The Company's exploration properties include El Carrizal, Neita and Los Guandules, which are located at Dominican Republic. The Tireo Formation, a gold and base metal district, is a 75 kilometer wide series of volcanic and sedimentary rocks trending northwesterly across the island of Hispaniola. Unigold has 100% interest in the 22,600 hectare Neita Property, located in the west central highlands of the Dominican Republic along the border with Haiti. Unigold operates through its wholly owned Canadian subsidiary, Unigold Resources Inc., and its 97% owned subsidiary, Unigold Dominicana, S.R.L. 	Unigold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 9, 1990
USS	Uniserve Communications Corporation (Uniserve) is a Canada-based company that provides data and telecommunication solutions to small businesses. The Company is engaged in the provision of Internet access and related communications services primarily in British Columbia and Alberta. It offers commercial physical security services in Alberta. The Company also provides security and alarm services. It provides Internet, colocation, data storage and managed services to its customers. The Company is working to provide Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) services to residential customers. Uniserve offers various telecommunications products, such as NEC, Simplicity, YEASTAR, Yealink, headsets and Polycom. Its headsets include CS540 Wireless Headset System and CS500 Series. The CS540 is for office-based workers across the enterprise. The Polycom SoundStation2 non-expandable conference phone is for medium to small conference rooms, and delivers simultaneous two-way conversation. 	Uniserve Communications Corp	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	60	January 19, 1988
ULI	Ultra Lithium Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties. The Company holds seven lithium/boron exploration licenses in the Republic of Serbia through its wholly owned subsidiary, Ultra Balkans DOO Beograd, which covers an area of 643 square kilometers. The Trnava mineral prospect is located in the central part of Serbia. The Kragujevac mineral prospect is located approximately 70 kilometers south of Belgrade. The Valjevo East mineral prospect is located approximately 60 kilometers south of Belgrade, in the Municipalities of Ljig and Lazarevac, Central Serbia. The Koceljeva mineral prospect is situated approximately 60 kilometers southwest of Belgrade in the Municipalities of Vladimirci and Sabac. The Ladevci and Preljina mineral prospects are located in the central part of Serbia, in the Municipalities of Cacak, Kraljevo and Gornji Milanovac, approximately 100 kilometers south of Belgrade. 	Ultra Lithium Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 27, 2004
UHO	United Hunter Oil & Gas Corp. (UHO) is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of oil and gas properties. The Company owns a 65% indirect joint venture interest in Excelaron LLC (Excelaron), an exploration-stage company based in San Luis Obispo, California, and a 25% joint venture interest in Alamo Creek Oil LLC (Alamo). Excelaron holds a 100% interest in an oil and natural gas property consisting of around 250 acres on the western edge of the Huasna Basin, a California Department of Oil Gas and Geothermal Resources designated oilfield within the Meridian Anticline located in Arroyo Grande, California (Huasna). Alamo is an exploration-stage company based in San Luis Obispo, California. 	United Hunter Oil & Gas Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	February 22, 2008
UCU	Ucore Rare Metals Inc. (Ucore) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of rare earth element properties. The Company is focusing its exploration activities on its Bokan Mountain/Dotson Ridge property in Alaska. The Bokan Mountain project is located on Prince of Wales Island, Alaska, approximately 60 kilometers southwest of Ketchikan, Alaska and 140 kilometers northwest of Prince Rupert, British Columbia. Its projects also include Ray Mountains, Alaska; Seagull Tin, Yukon, in which it holds an option on a 100% interest in the Seagull Tin property located in the Southwestern Yukon; Lost Pond, Newfoundland and Labrador, in which it holds a 100% interest in certain claims in the Lost Pond uranium and rare earth element property, located east of Stephenville, Newfoundland, and Sandybeach Lake, Nunavut, in which it holds a 100% interest in the Sandybeach Lake property, located in southwestern Nunavut. 	Ucore Rare Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 19, 2005
UTY	Unity Energy Corp. is an exploration-stage company, which acquires and explores its exploration and evaluation assets. The Company's uranium projects include Gulch Mine Uranium project, a 3,010 hectares project; Waterbury Lake property, a property located in the north eastern Athabasca Basin; Mckenzie Lake property, a 9,524 hectare property situated along the southeastern edge of the Athabasca Basin; Close Lake property, which has a single mineral disposition covering an area of around 596 hectares; Thorburn Lake property, which includes Thorium zone that consists of three thorium anomalies; Hoppy Lake property, which covers an area of around 1,924 hectares; Mitchell Lake property, a 2,354 hectare claim; Milliken Creek property, a 1,941 hectare claim, and Camsell Lake property, which covers an area of around 14,200 hectares. Its base metals projects include Dickens Lake Gold project, which covers an area of around 6,000 hectares and Dinty Lake property, a 968 hectares project. 	Unity Energy Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 24, 2006
UN	Universal Ventures Inc. (Universal) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and evaluating natural resource properties. The Company is focusing its financial resources on exploration of the Tib copper and gold Property, located near Gold River on Vancouver Island. The Tib Property consists of around 22 mineral claims (10,698 hectares) situated in the Alberni Mining Division, British Columbia. 	Universal Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 21, 2010
URC	Uracan Resources Ltd. is a Canadian-based exploration company focused on developing uranium deposits. The Company has 100% owned projects in Saskatchewan (Pipewrench Lake) and Quebec (North Shore Property), Canada. The Companys Saskatchewan project includes Clearwater Project, which covers approximately 9,912 hectares adjacent to the south-western edge of the Athabasca Basin; Black Lake Project, which covers approximately 30,381 hectares within the prolific Athabasca Basin and Pipewrench Lake Project, which is located in the Wollaston Domain in Saskatchewan, approximately 120 km south of the Athabasca Basin. The Companys Quebec project include North Shore project, which has a highway and power lines running through it, and several areas of the project have tidewater access to the St. Lawrence Seaway in eastern Quebec, Canada. 	Uracan Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 21, 1999
USO	US Oil Sands Inc. (US Oil Sands) is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of oil sands properties. The Company through its wholly owned United States subsidiary, US Oil Sands (Utah) Inc., has a 100% interest in bitumen leases covering approximately 32,005 acres of land in Utah. The Company has two oil sands project areas that include PR Spring Project Area, and Cedar Camp and NW Project Area. The Company's PR Spring Project Area consists of approximately 5,930 contiguous acres of land. The Company's Cedar Camp and NW Project Area hold approximately 26,075 acres of exploration land. All the Company's leases are within the PR Spring Special Tar Sands Area and are administered by the State of Utah School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration. The Company's leases located within the Uinta Basin in Northeast Utah, which aside from oil sands deposits, is also engaged in conventional oil and natural gas production. 	US Oil Sands Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
UNI	Unisync Corp., formerly ComWest Enterprise Corp., is a Canada-based holding company. The Company operates through its two subsidiaries, Unisync Group Limited (UGL) and Peerless Garments LP (Peerless), in two segments: the Peerless segment, which is engaged in manufacturing products for government agencies, and UGL, which is involved in distributing products to corporate entities. UGL is engaged in designing, manufacturing and distributing direct sale uniforms, work wear, image apparel and related solutions. UGL operates distribution centers in Guelph, Ontario and Calgary, Alberta. UGL offers product under the Hammill, York and ShowroomOne brands. Peerless manufactures technical protective garments and accessories for the Canadian Forces (Army, Navy and Air Force). Peerless also manufactures other technical and harsh weather garments for customers in other industries, including the oil and gas industry. 	Unisync Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	--	November 30, 2005
UBR	Uragold Bay Resources Inc. (Uragold) is a Canada-based junior exploration company. The Company specializes in the exploration of gold and quartz in mining sites located in Quebec. The Company's properties are located in Canada in the Appalachian region of the province of Quebec. The Company's properties include Beauce Placer Project, Golden Hope Mines BellechasseTimmins (BT) and The Moe River Property. Beauce Placer Gold Project that is located in the municipality of Saint-Simon-les-Mines in the Beauce region of southern Quebec. Golden Hope Mines BellechasseTimmins Gold Deposit is located within Magog Group sediments. The Moe River Property is located in the southwestern part of the Quebec Appalachians in the Eastern Townships region of the Province of Quebec. 	Uragold Bay Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 20, 1996
VZZ	Uranium Valley Mines Ltd. is engaged in the process of exploring, evaluating and promoting its mineral properties and other properties. The Company's properties include Porcupine Miracle Prospect, Beartooth Island Prospect, Otish and Mistassini Prospects. The Company has an option to acquire a 100% interest in Porcupine Miracle Prospect, which is constituted of four mineral claims located in the Langmuir Township in the province of Ontaria, Canada. The Company holds a 40% interest in Beartooth Island Prospect, which is located in the Athabasca Basin in the province of Saskatchewan. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Otish and Mistassini Prospects, which is located in the North central region of the province of Quebec. 	Uranium Valley Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 18, 2010
UVN	Uravan Minerals Inc. (Uravan) is a Canada-based uranium exploration company focused in the Athabasca Basin in Canada. The Company's principal assets are its Outer Ring, Halliday and Stewardson uranium projects. The Stewardson project area, located adjacent to Cameco Corporation's Centennial uranium project on the south, consists of approximately five mineral dispositions totaling around 21,349 hectares. The Outer Ring project area is located along the North East extension of the Cable Bay structural corridor and east of Pasfield Lake, Athabasca Basin. The Outer Ring project consists of approximately five mineral dispositions totaling around 19,165 hectares. The Halliday Lake project consists of one mineral disposition totaling 2,169 hectares. Uravan owns 100% of the Garry Lake uranium property, consisting of around 355 mining claims covering approximately 829,171 acres located in the Garry Lake area, northeastern Thelon Basin. 	Uravan Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 1, 1997
CH	Urban Select Capital, is a Canada-based investment company. The Company is an investment issuer focused on investing growth capital in private and public companies in sectors including media and entertainment, natural resources, healthcare and consumer retail services. The Company is an asset and investment management Company focused on managing and facilitating foreign investment in the private equity RMB fund industry. The Company is also engaged in investing in private and public companies whose businesses involve later-stage renewable energy, environmental technology as well as other related sectors. The Company is also involved in identifying an exit strategy in China and North America regions. 	Urban Select Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	September 12, 2007
UFC	Urbanfund Corp. is a Canada-based real estate development and operating company. The Company's focus is to identify, evaluate and invest in real estate or real estate related projects. The Company owns, develops and operates income producing properties in Canada. The Company's income producing properties consisted of an 84 suite townhouse complex located at the corner of Don Mills Road and Van Horne Avenue in Toronto, Ontario (the Don Mills Property); a 72,761 square foot one-story commercial shopping center located at 305 North Front Street, Belleville, Ontario (the Belleville Property); a 16,000 square foot one-story commercial shopping center located 476-480 Wonderland Road South, London, Ontario (the London Property), and a 10% interest in a portfolio of 10 residential projects consisting of 1,870 residential suites located in Quebec City and Montreal (the Quebec Properties). 	Urbanfund Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	2003
UBN	nul	Urban Communications Inc			--	
UI	Urbanimmersive Inc is a Canada-based digital media company, which operates a marketplace designed to help create, manage and distribute real estate marketing content. The Company's online marketplace of photographers, virtual tour, aerial photography and video providers enables them to search, find, compare, book and pay online their services. It provides marketing content production services and technology solutions. Its software offers various features and professional resources, including content publication calendar, text editor, collaboration and workflow, visual content management and blog page. Its customers primarily include home builders, promoters, real estate brokers, brokerage agencies and real estate portals operators. It offers solutions, including blog content management system (CMS), automated Web traffic purchase solution, AVU3D immersive tours and interactive point of purchase. Its AVU3D is an emulator platform. 	Urbanimmersive Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	30	October 1, 2015
VTI	Valdor Technology International Inc. is a communications technology company. The Company operates in three divisions: Valdor Fiber Optics, Niagara Streaming Media and TeleVal Communication Technologies. Valdor Fiber Optics is a fiber optic components business engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of fiber optic splitters, connectors, laser pigtails and other optical and optoelectronic components, including some that use the Company's Impact MountTM technology. Niagara Streaming Media is a streaming video business that markets the Niagara and GoStream product lines. TeleVal Communication Technologies (TeleVal) is an optical fiber components company, which is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of passive fiber optic components. TeleVal is focused on the deregulation of the telecom sector in Mexico and the roll-out of fiber-to-the-home in Latin America. The Company also owns VideoWare, Inc. 	Valdor Technology International Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	0	March 19, 1984
VQA	Valterra Resource Corporation is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company's principal business activities include the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties in Canada. The Company's Bobcaygeon graphite property is located in southern Ontario and includes over 160 square kilometers of claims, leases and private patents and includes claims staked to cover mineral trends and features. The Company's Cu-Au-porphyry Swift Katie property is located within a metallogenic area of south-eastern British Columbia and includes more than 83 square kilometers of claims. The Company has completed 15 drill holes (4,866 meters) and returned several intercepts indicative of bulk-tonnage Cu-Au-Ag from the Katie Zone. 	Valterra Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 8, 1997
VRB	Vanadiumcorp Resource Inc. is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company owns Canadian mineral assets in Ontario and Quebec, Canada. The properties are prospective for vanadium, titanium, iron, copper, gold and nickel. The Company's Quebec properties include: Iron-T Vanadium project, Lac Dore project, Merrill Copper and Gold project, Chibougamau Copper and Gold assemblage and Magnetite Bay Vanadium project. The Company's Ontario properties include: Nickel Royale project and Game-changer project. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties segment. The Company does not generate any revenues. 	Vanadiumcorp Resource Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 23, 1980
NPH	Vanc Pharmaceuticals Inc., formerly Nuva Pharmaceuticals Inc., is engaged in the manufacture of generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter (OTC) healthcare products. The Company is engaged in the research and development of newly off-patent generic pharmaceuticals and OTC medicines. The Company's OTC products division is engaged in the manufacture and sale of OTC healthcare products shown to deliver consistent and verifiable results in the prevention and treatment of various chronic ailments and diseases. The Company's leading products are Ferroheme, which is a Bioidentical Hemoglobin Iron Protein Complex for iron deficiency and anemia, and PediaSafe is a Polyvitamin Drops for infants and children. The Company's other products include VAN-Losartan, VAN-Ciprofloxacin, VAN-Amlodipine, VAN-Irbesartan, VAN-Irbesartan-HCTZ, VAN-Olanzapine, VAN- Gabapentin Cap and VAN-Omeprazole, among others. 	VANC Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	May 30, 2000
VAL	ValGold Resources Ltd. (ValGold) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company has a portfolio of mineral exploration projects. The Companys properties include Tower Mountain Project and Venezuela properties. The Tower Mountain gold property is located in northwestern Ontario. 	ValGold Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 14, 1987
VYC	Vanity Capital Inc. (Vanity) is a Canada-based mineral resources company. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Ore Chimney property located near Bishop Corners, Ontario. The Ore Chimney property is located in Barrie Township, northeast of the town of Northbrook, Ontario in Frontenac County. The Ore Chimney property has five levels of underground development. There is a range of quartz-carbonate shear zones and in filled tension fracture zones related to the geological contacts and metamorphic terrain in the immediate area around the shaft. 	Vanity Capital Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 22, 2008
VAN	Vangold Resources Ltd. (Vangold) is a Canada-based mineral exploration and an oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition, evaluation, and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets located in Canada. Vangold also holds interests in oil and gas licenses in Armenia. The Company conducts business independently and through joint operating agreements. Vangold holds a 50% interest in 66 mineral claims within the Rossland gold camp in southeastern British Columbia. The Rossland properties contain pits, shafts, adits and other workings constructed to explore and develop gold occurrences. The Company owns a 100% interest in the surface rights and a 50% interest in the mineral rights, which include the Evening Star property. It holds three Exploration Licenses located in Papua New Guinea: Mt. Penck, Allemata and Fergusson. It controls a 100% interest in the Gallagher Gold project. 	Vangold Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 11, 1987
VSR	Vanstar Mining Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company. The Companys principal activities include acquisition, exploration, production, development and operation of mining properties. The Companys project includes the Nelligan project which is 100% owned, 2% royalty (on 12 original cells), 92 cells over 4,968 hectares. The Companys project details include 4.4 meters of 2.17 g/t gold (Au) and 10 meters of 3.5 g/t gold (Au) (drill holes 94-13 and 95-01). 	Vanstar Mining Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 4, 2007
VAX	Vantex Resources Ltd. is an exploration company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring, appraising, developing and mining mineral properties. The Company's The Galloway project consists of mining properties, which include Hurd, Ogima North, Sandborn, Perron, Francoeur, Cadillac Rang III, Renault Bay and Lac Fortune Ouest, all located in Dasserat Township, Abitibi. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Sandborn, Cadillac Rang III, Francoeur and Perron properties, and a 90% interest in the Hurd and Ogima North properties. The Renault Bay property consists of 10 claims located in the northwestern extension of the Soaker Hill showing. The Soaker Hill shows mineralization of associated with zones of pyrite-bearing quartz-carbonate veins. The mineralization consists of sulfides, pyrite and chalcopyrite. The Fayolle showing is located approximately 1.4 kilometers north-northeast of the Galloway shaft. The Renault Bay area contains many gold showings. 	Vantex Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 25, 1997
VEL	Vanoil Energy Ltd. (Vanoil) is a Canada-based energy company. The Companys portfolio includes oil and gas assets. The Company has interests in Kenya Onshore Block 3A and Block 3B, in which Block 3A covers approximately 12,192 square kilometers (km2) and lies along the Central African Rift System (CARS). Block 3B covers approximately 12,489 km2 and lies in Lamu Embayment Basin south of Block 3A. It also has 10% participating interest in the Block L9, which covers 5,065 km2 and is located off the coast of Mombasa in the southern waters of Kenya. Vanoil holds a 25% participating interest in Area A and Area B of Avana, a subsidiary of Vanoil. They are located in Seychelles and cover over 14,000 km2 exploration area. Vanoils East Kivu Graben Basin area is located in the Kivu Graben at the southern extension of the Albertine Graben, which covers an area of 1,631 km2. The Company has its activities in Kenya, Rwanda, Seychelles, Canada, South Africa, and the United Kingdom. 	Vanoil Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	September 3, 2009
VXL	Vaxil Bio Ltd., formerly Emerge Resources Corp., is a biotechnology company. The Company, through its subsidiary, Vaxil BioTherapeutics Ltd., is specialized in the development of immunotherapy products for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases by activating the patient's immune system. Its products are based on VaxHit technology, which enables the identification of sequences (antigens) in a signal peptide that is capable of triggering a specific reaction, among thymocytes cells (T-cells) and antibodies (B-cells) in the immune system of patients. Its immunotherapy product, ImMucin signal peptide cancer vaccine, trains the patient's immune system to identify and destroy cells, which displays a short specific 21-mer portion (signal peptide domain) of the cancer-associated (marker) expression of Mucin 1 (MUC1). The Company has completed a Phase I/II clinical study with ImMucin in multiple myeloma (MM) patients. 	Vaxil Bio Ltd	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	October 28, 2009
VLA	Vela Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based development-stage mining company. The Company is engaged primarily in the business of evaluating, acquiring and, if warranted, developing natural resource properties in British Columbia and Jamaica. The Company owns the Rossland Property, which is located approximately 13 kilometers to 16 kilometers southwest of the town of Rossland, British Columbia, Canada. The Rossland Property consists of ten contiguous Mineral Claims covering approximately 2,384.99 hectares located in the Trail Creek Mining Division of British Columbia. The Mavis Bank Property includes the Epping Farm-Whitfield Hall Cu-Ag-Au Occurrences and Mavis Bank Cu-Ag-Au-Fe-Co Occurrences. The Port Antonio property covers several known prospects including the Bellevue (gold-silver-copper). The concession area lies within the foothills of the Blue Mountains and covers parts of the catchments of Rio Grande and Back Rio Grande rivers. 	Vela Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 19, 2011
VTT	Vendetta Mining Corp is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is in the business of exploration and evaluation of mineral resources in Canada. It engages principally in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties, focusing on lead and zinc properties. It is focused on advanced-stage exploration projects in Australia, which includes the Pegmont Lead Zinc project. The Pegmont Lead Zinc project is located in northwest Queensland, Australia. It is situated approximately 175 kilometers southeast of Mount Isa, around 130 kilometers south-southeast of Cloncurry and approximately 700 kilometers west-southwest of Townsville. Within around 30 kilometers of the property, there are various producing mines in the area. The Pegmont lead-zinc deposit is considered a body of stratiform lead-zinc sulfides contained within a metamorphosed silicate facies banded iron formation (BIF). The Company has no operating revenue. 	Vendetta Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 14, 2009
VVV	Venturi Ventures Inc. was formerly a Canada-based medical device company. The Company was engaged in the development of non-invasive medical technology and diagnostic devices based on near-infrared spectroscopy. 	Venturi Ventures Inc	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	16	December 3, 1980
VRS	Verisante Technology, Inc. is a Canada-based medical device company. The Company's product portfolio includes Verisante Aura, Verisante Core, Multispectral Imaging Camera (MSI), and ClearVu and ClearVu Elite. Verisante Aura is a spectroscopy system designed to aid in the detection of skin cancer. Aura has been approved for sale in Canada, Europe and Australia. Verisante Core uses an endoscopic attachment to aid in the detection of lung, colon, cervical, and other cancers. The MSI device is intended to assist medical professionals in the detection of all major forms of skin cancer. ClearVu and ClearVu Elite are endoscopy systems for early lung cancer detection. The ClearVu system is a simultaneous white light and fluorescence real time video accessory, which is used with a fiberoptic bronchoscope for lung cancer examinations. 	Verisante Technology Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	8	March 7, 2006
VPY	VersaPay Corporation (VersaPay) is a Canada-based financial technology company that delivers payment solutions for businesses. The Company has two segments: VersaPay Solutions and POS. Through its VersaPay Solutions group, the VersaPay focuses on accounts receivable management and payments with ARC, a cloud-based software solution designed for mid-sized businesses. The Solutions group also offers business and consumer customers a cloud-based credit card and electronic funds transfer (EFT) service with PayPort and similar services to third-party technology partners via the VersaPay Gateway. Through its POS Merchant Services group, the Company provides businesses with access to networks that process credit and debit card payments, the acquisition and installation of payment processing technology and training and support for the card payment infrastructure. The POS segment provides financial services to merchants in Canada and the United States. 	Versapay Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	January 12, 2010
VDR	Vendome Resources Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company operates in Canada and Mexico. The Company's exploration properties include Ivanhoe Lake, La Diana, San Miguel and San Javier Property. Its Ivanhoe Lake Property is located in the Borden Lake Gold District, Ontario Canada. The Company's La Diana property covers approximately 14,722 hectares and is located in the eastern portion of the state of Guerrero, Southern Mexico. The Company's San Miguel property covers approximately 2,000 hectares and is located within the southern portion of the Sierra Madre Del Sur precious metal belt in the State of Guerrero, Mexico. Its San Javier Property covers approximately 253 hectares and is surrounded by the La Diana property. San Javier Property is a host to silver-lead-zinc epithermal vein mineralization typical of polymetallic deposits found within the Sierra Madre del Sur precious metal belt. 	Vendome Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 27, 2007
VV	Versatile Systems Inc. is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in software development and sales of computer software, hardware and system integration services related to wired and wireless mobile business solutions through its subsidiaries. The Companys segments consist of the Eastern United States, Western United States and Versatile Mobile Systems (VMS) United Kingdom, which reflects the geographic location of the operations. The Companys subsidiaries include Versatile Acquisition Corporation (VAC), Perfect Order, Inc. (POI), Versatile Systems, Inc. (VSI), Versatile Mobile Systems, Inc. (VMS-US), Mobiquity Investments Limited (MIL), Versatile Mobile Systems (Europe) Ltd. (VMS-UK) and Sagent Solutions. 	Versatile Systems Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	September 28, 1955
VQS	VIQ Solutions Inc. is a Canada-based Company engaged in developing software solutions that capture, digitize and compress audio and video data, which is securely stored in a multi-tiered server system where it is easily searchable and shareable. NetScribe, a web-based workflow management switch, provides anywhere anytime transcription workflow capabilities worldwide. The Company operates within two business segments: the computer products and services segment, which develops, distributes and licenses computer-based digital solutions based on its proprietary technology and the transcription services segment, which provides recording and transcription services. The Company also provides recording and transcription services directly to a variety of clients including medical, courtrooms, legislative assemblies, hearing rooms, inquiries and quasi-judicial clients in numerous countries including Canada, the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia. 	VIQ Solutions Inc	Technology	Software	--	November 10, 2004
VLV	Venerable Ventures Limited (Venerable) is a Canada-based mining exploration and development company. The Company focuses on a gold and silver exploration property located on the Nechako Plateau in central British Columbia. Venerable's project includes Trout Property. The Trout Property comprises around 24 mineral tenures with a total area of approximately 9,600 hectares located around 60 kilometers southwest of Vanderhoof in Central British Columbia and 40 kilometers North East of Newgold's Blackwater project. The claims also enclose 10 areas that contain gold and co-incident multi-element till geochemical anomalies. The Trout Claims covers approximately 6,900 hectares, located in the Nechako Plateau Area, Omineca Mining Division, near Vanderhoof, British Columbia. 	Venerable Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 11, 2010
VPT	Ventripoint Diagnostics Ltd. (Diagnostics) is a Canada-based medical device company. The Company develops and commercializes its diagnostic tools to monitor patients with heart disease. By using images produced from existing medical imaging systems, the Ventripoint Medical System (VMS) generates heart volumetric measurements and a three-dimensional (3D) model. Its solution produces critical heart information by processing information received from existing medical imaging equipment with its patented and own methods incorporating Knowledge Based Reconstruction (KBR) algorithms and own cardiac databases. The VMS enables medical professionals to obtain 3D models with critical volume and functional measurements of a patient's heart ventricles. Its KBR method allows for the creation of a 3D model of the right and/or left ventricle using images generated from existing two-dimensional imaging equipment. The Company's technology platform is applicable to a range of heart diseases. 	Ventripoint Diagnostics Ltd	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	May 4, 2005
VIT	Victoria Gold Corp. is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage company. The Company is a gold producer whose flagship asset is its 100% owned Dublin Gulch property (Dublin Gulch). The Dublin Gulch property includes the Eagle Gold Project, the Wolf Tungsten Deposit, the Potato Hills Trend, NND Cat B land and other targets. Dublin Gulch is situated in central Yukon, Canada, approximately 375 kilometers north of the capital city of Whitehorse. The property covers an area of approximately 555 square kilometers. The Company's other properties include interests in Donjek, Aurex, Canalask and Clear Creek in Yukon Territory and Island Mountain in Nevada. The Company's subsidiaries include Victoria Resources (U.S.) Inc., Gateway Gold Corp. and StrataGold Corporation. 	Victoria Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 21, 1981
VIE.P	Vier Capital Corp. is a capital pool company. The Company is focused on identifying and evaluating assets or businesses with a view to potentially acquire them or an interest therein by completing a purchase transaction, by exercising of an option or by any concomitant transaction. The Company does not have any operations. 	Vier Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 23, 2014
VGL	Vigil Health Solutions Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in developing and marketing a technology platform. The Company's technology platform combines software and hardware to provide solutions that guide care of and monitor residents living in senior living communities. The Company's product range includes wireless Vitality Care System featuring discreet mini pendants, a nurse call system, mobile fall, incontinence monitoring, resident check in and Vigil Dementia System. The Company provides Vigil Integrated Care Management System (the Vigil System), which is a technology platform that provides solutions, including a monitoring system for residents with dementia. The Company is focused on selling various different care options, including independent living, assisted living and skilled nursing facilities to the North American senior's housing market. 	Vigil Health Solutions Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	January 10, 2000
VGC	Viking Gold Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in mineral exploration in its projects located in Quebec. The Company has four properties in the exploration and evaluation (E&E) phase. The Company's exploration properties include around 22 claims at Verneuil Central, where it owns around 70% undivided working interest of claims; around 20 claims at Verneuil West, where it owns the claims, and around nine at Verneuil East, where it owns the claims. The Company also owned and operated Vent d'Or and Larose properties. The Larose property consists of around 16 claims in Moss Township in Northwestern Ontario. The Vent d'Or property, which consists of around 22 claims, is located southwest of the town of Chibougamau in the Druillettes and Hazur Townships in Central Quebec. 	Viking Gold Exploration Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 13, 1936
VUI	Virginia Energy Resources Inc. is a resource company, which focuses on the exploration and development of uranium deposits located in the southern part of Virginia in the United States. The Company has a mineral lease with Bowen (Bowen Lease) and Coles Hill (Coles Lease). Its properties include the Burt Lands, the Marline Property, the Holmes Property, the Timberland Property, the Martin Property and the Jackson Property. Its subsidiaries include Virginia Uranium Inc. and Southside Cattle Company LLC. Virginia Uranium Inc. is engaged in exploration and development of uranium deposits. Southside Cattle Company LLC is a holding company. 	Virginia Energy Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	September 27, 2012
VHO	Virginia Hills Oil Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties in western Canada. The Company holds approximately 179,000 gross undeveloped acres (approximately 160,800 net acres) in the greater Red Earth area solely focused on the Slave Point light oil carbonate play. The Company operates over 90% of its production and the related processing facilities. Production is estimated at approximately 1,550 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) with 95% weighting to light oil and natural gas liquids' (NGL) and a base decline of 20% providing a high netback low decline production base. Within the Red Earth area the Company has approximately 4 section of land that have had waterflood pilots and secondary recovery implemented. It is also implementing and expanding its waterflood foot prints with its primary drilling program. 	Virginia Hills Oil Corp			20	November 5, 2014
VR	Victory Resources Corporation (Victory) is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of its Canadian mineral properties. The Company is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company's properties include Toni Property located at Nicola Division, British Columbia, and Reforma property (Reforma), located at the common boundary of Sinaloa and Chihuahua States, in west central Mexico. The Company's AU/Wen Property consists of two claim groups, which are located approximately 30 kilometers southeast of Merritt, British Columbia in the Nicola Mining Division. The Au/Wen claim group consists of 92 units in 14 contiguous claims while the Toe claim group approximately four kilometer east of the AU/Wen comprises 12 units in four contiguous claims. 	Victory Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 8, 1984
VVN	Victory Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is focused on the procurement, exploration and development of precious metal properties in North America. The Company has properties in northwest British Columbia and southern British Columbia.The Companys property portfolio consists of Copau property and PDL property. The copau property is located at iskut, British Columbia in Canada. PDL mineral property is located in the Keremeos-Olalla region of southern British Columbia. 	Victory Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 8, 2009
VID	SoMedia Networks Inc. is a Canada-based developer and operator of cloud-based video content production platforms and video production services to the business, advertising, marketing and news markets across North America. The Company provides a range of resale, and on?demand video production, marketing and analytics services and products. SoMedia derives most of its revenue from the sale of video production services through two channels: Reseller Channel, which includes video production resale services for the Web services market, including Web marketers, Website designers, digital publishers, online media and digital agencies, and Corporate Channel, which includes video production services directly to enterprise and business partners, including digital agencies, Web content platforms, media, as well as for brands and franchises. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries, SoMedia Productions II Inc. and SoMedia Video Technologies Corp. 	VidWRX Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	35	February 10, 2006
VRD	Viridis Energy Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in manufacturing, marketing and distributing softwood pellets and shavings for consumer and industrial customers, and arranges transactions between buyers and sellers of alternative energy products. The Company manufactures and distributes biomass fuels, such as softwood pellets and shavings. It owns two manufacturing facilities Okanagan Pellet Company, based in Kelowna, British Columbia, which manufacturers more than 60,000 tons of premium softwood pellets annually, originated from spruce, pine and fir, and Scotia Atlantic Biomass, based in Musquodoboit, Nova Scotia, which resides on a 157-acre property, inhabiting 20 operating buildings with an additional 22-acre wood lot. Its annual volume of wood pellets is approximately 300,000 tons. Its subsidiaries include Viridis Merchants (Canada) Ltd., Okanagan Pellet Company Inc., Scotia Atlantic Biomass Company Limited and Viridis Merchants Inc. 	Viridis Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	--	June 18, 1998
VML	Viscount Mining Corp., formerly Faith Spring Venture Inc., is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Cherry Creek, Nevada and Silver Cliff, Colorado. The Company's Cherry Creek property consists of over 400 unpatented and patented claims, as well as mill rights, is located approximately 30 miles north of the town of Ely, in White Pine County, Nevada. Its Silver Cliff prospect block consists of over 100 lode claims and is located approximately 40 miles west-southwest of Pueblo Colorado. The Company owns over 20 silver/gold/tungsten producing mines, including Blue Bird, Chance Mine, Filmore, Last Chance, Exchequer/New Century Mine, Ticup and Motherlode mines. The Company's subsidiaries include Viscount Nevada Holdings Ltd, Viscount Mining Resources Ltd and Viscount Colorado Holdings Ltd. 	Viscount Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 26, 2011
VIS	Visionstate Corp., formerly CSM Systems Corp., is a Canada-based company that provides interactive electronic business solutions in the form of touchscreen and mobile way finding and efficiency applications, as well as consulting, graphic and Web design and related services and support. The Companys principal business is conducted through its wholly owned subsidiary, Visionstate Inc., which is located in Edmonton, Alberta. Its customers include shopping center owners and managers in Canada, and its interactive directory technology is installed in various properties. Visionstate Inc., the operating division of Visionstate, develops interactive guest service software for public facilities such as shopping centers, airports, office towers, hotels, and hospitals. 	Visionstate Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	7	March 7, 2000
VUX	Vital Energy Inc., formerly Ceno Energy Ltd., is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of exploration for and development of crude oil and natural gas in Western Canada. It produces oil from the Gull Lake, Penant, Baxter Lake, Standard Hill and Hayter areas. Its projects include Gull Lake Project, Penant Project, Baxter Lake Project, Panny Project, Sturgeon Lake Project and Kidney Project. The Company is the operator and maintains a 50% working interest in Gull Lake Project. The property is covered with three-dimensional (3D) seismic data and has six wells all producing medium gravity crude oil from the Roseray formation. It is the Operator and maintains a 100% working interest in Penant Project. It owns six contiguous sections of land (3,840 acres), all prospective for medium gravity crude oil production from the Upper Shaunovan formation. 	Vital Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	June 18, 2014
VMS	VMS Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration, development and mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring, developing and evaluating mineral properties. The Company operates through the exploration of base metals segment. It conducts exploration programs on its Snow Lake Copper-Zinc Properties: 9-7 Zone, Copper Extension, Copper Project, Copper South, Copperman, Cowan River, Farwell, Grass Valley, Leak Lake, McClarty, McClarty North, Mort and Sails East. The Company also has exploration programs on Sails Lake Joint Venture (JV), Puella Bay JV, along with the Fox Property near Lynn Lake and the Ruttan (Darrol) Project near Leaf Rapids. The Company is conducting exploration programs on Black Creek, its Ontario Property. The Company's Copper-Zinc and Gold Projects are situated in Manitoba and Ontario, Canada. The Company holds interest in the Assean Lake gold claims in Manitoba. 	VMS Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 8, 1996
VPI	Vitality Products Inc. is a manufacturer, marketer and distributor of natural health products, including vitamins, minerals and nutritional supplements. The Company maintains a distribution facility in Burnaby, British Columbia and an agricultural property in Whatcom County, Washington. The Company has formulated, branded and launched four products in categories, including multivitamins, digestion, stress and sleep. The company's products include Vitality Time Release Super Multi+, Vitality Time Release B Complete + C, Vitality Digest+ and Vitality Relax+. The Company's products are available for sale in over 150 retail stores located in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba. It has developed a product line of Natural Health Products (NHPs). 	Vitality Products Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	February 29, 1984
VCI	Vitreous Glass Inc. cleans, crushes and sells waste glass to the fiberglass manufacturing industry in the province of Alberta. The Company operates a waste glass processing plant at Airdrie, Alberta. The Company's plant gathers post-consumer waste glass from Alberta and elsewhere, crushes it, removes contaminants and sells the final product to approximately three manufacturers of fiberglass building insulation for use as a raw material in their production facilities in Alberta. The Company accepts deposit system beverage container glass from Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan. The Company primarily removes contaminants and crushes the glass to sand. Its GlasSand is then sold to fiberglass insulation manufacturers as furnace ready cullet for use in their production facilities. 	Vitreous Glass Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	--	October 29, 1992
VGO	Vogogo Inc. is a Canada-based risk management and electronic payment services company. The Company develops software that administers multiple electronic payments, including card payments, pre-authorized debit, direct deposit, peer-to-peer and online banking payments for both the United States and Canadian markets. It offers payment risk management and processing technologies that enable secure transaction processing between businesses and their customers, utilizing conventional banking and payment networks. It provides automated risk management services including fraud mitigation, know your customer (KYC), sanctions checks and anti-money laundering - counter terrorist financing (AML-CTF) processes and procedures, combined with a bundled suite of payment services. The Company is primarily focused on servicing cryptocurrency market. Its subsidiaries include Vogogo Canada Inc., Vogogo USA Inc., and Vogogo EU Ltd. 	Vogogo Inc	Technology	Software	--	September 11, 2014
VOL	Volcanic Metals Corp. is engaged in the identification, acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties in Canada. The Company holds approximately 25% interest in the Walhalla Property in the White Gold district of the Yukon. The Walhalla Property consists of 1,988 quartz claims located southeast of Dawson City, Yukon. Cougar Mining Sh.p.k. is the Company's 100% owned mineral exploration Albanian subsidiary. 	Volcanic Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 25, 2007
VVC	VVC Exploration Corporation (VVC) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties in the mineral sector. VVC's principal business activity is the exploration and development of gold and base metal mineral properties both nationally and internationally, but principally in Mexico. The Company owns around 33.75% interest in Samalayuca Cobre S.A. de C.V., the owner of the Kaity claim (the Kaity Property), which consists of one mining concession totaling 1623 hectares located in Chihuahua State. VVC's Cumeral Property is located approximately 140 kilometers south of Tucson, Arizona and 200 kilometers north of Hermosillo. The La Tuna property is located in the Municipality of Alamos, Sinaloa State, Mexico. The Company also holds a stake in a nine claim unit property in Timmins Township of Ontario, located about 50 kilometers southeast of Timmins, in the Abitibi Greenstone Belt of Northern Ontario. 	VVC Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	August 27, 2003
VUL	Vulcan Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based junior exploration company engaged in the mineral and oil and gas exploration. The Company is engaged in exploration on properties in Newfoundland and Labrador and Alberta. The Company owns three petroleum permits (permits 03-106, 03-107, and 96-105) covering approximately 250,000 acres in the onshore Bay St. George area in western Newfoundland. The Company has 10 mineral permits in Alberta, a mineral license in Tasisuak, Labrador, and subsidiary company, Red Moon Potash Inc., has nine mineral licenses in Newfoundland and Labrador. The TL Nickel-Copper-Platinum group element property in Labrador is situated approximately 50 kilometers northwest of the Voisey's Bay world-class nickel-copper-cobalt mine. The Company acquired ten metallic and industrial mineral permits in the western Athabasca area of Alberta, approximately 50 kilometers east of Fort McMurray, covering approximately 91,648 hectares. 	Vulcan Minerals Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	January 12, 1995
WAI	WAI Capital Investments Corp., formerly West African Iron Ore Corp., is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of iron ore properties located in the Republic of Guinea. The Company is focusing primarily on Sky Alliance Ressources Guinee SA's (SAR Guinee) Forecariah permits located in Guinea, West Africa. The Company has not generated any revenues from its operations. The Forecariah Project is located approximately 90 kilometer from Conakry, the capital city of Guinea, along National Road 1, which joins Conakry to the Pamelap border crossing with Sierra Leone. The Forecariah project is located around 40 kilometer from the Atlantic Ocean. The Company's N'Dougou prospect consists of approximately 50 kilometer plateau of residual magnetite-goethite containing lateritic cap. 	WAI Capital Investments Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	--	December 9, 1987
WAI.WT	nul	WAI Capital Investments Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	--	
WRR	Walker River Resources Corp. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The principal business of the Company is the identification, evaluation and acquisition of mineral properties, as well as exploration of mineral properties. The Company is in the process of exploring its interest in the Watshishou River property and the Sleeper-Lapon Canyon Gold. The Watshishou River property is located in the Watshishou River area, Quebec, Canada and consists of 37 mineral claims. The Sleeper-Lapon Canyon Gold Project is located in Mineral County, Nevada, the United States and consists of 19 leased claims and 17 lode claims. 	Walker River Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	December 16, 2010
WAR	War Eagle Mining Company Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the development of base and precious metal properties in Mexico and various locations in the United States. The Company's Terrazas zinc-copper property is located in Chihuahua, Mexico. The Company has two subsidiaries: Andromeda Resources Inc., a wholly owned Ontario corporation, and its wholly owned Mexican subsidiary, RD Minerals S.A. de C.V (RDM). 	War Eagle Mining Co Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	25	March 6, 1984
VGD	Visible Gold Mines Inc. (Visible Gold Mines) is a Canada-based mining and exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of mining properties and in the exploration of gold mining sites located in Canada. The 167 Extension property comprises of 955 mining claims covering 505 Squares/kilometers (sq/km). The Green Giant property comprises of 122 mining claims covering 63.2 Sq/km. Joutel Property consists of one mining lease and 477 mining claims located 150 kilometers north of Rouyn-Noranda, northwestern Quebec. Cadillac Mining covering approximately 7,293 hectares in its Break Project, in the Rouyn, Beauchastel and Dasserat Townships. The Stadacona-East Gold Property consists of 78 mining titles and covers an area of 14 square kilometres in the center of Rouyn Township. The Company has 100% interest in the 13-claim Silidor Property and a 40% interest in the adjacent Capricorn Property. The Hazeur property comprises of 84 mining claims covering 27.4 Sq/km. 	Visible Gold Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 19, 2007
WFG	Waterfront Capital Corporation offers a range of financial and communications services to companies in various industry sectors. The Company provides business advisory services in connection with venture capital markets, investor relations, initial public offerings and secondary financings, mergers and acquisitions, public market administration, as well as media and marketing advice. The Company and its subsidiary, Waterfront Strategic Capital Corporation (Waterfront Strategic), offer Business Advisory and Capital Markets services to a range of growth companies. The Company's Business Advisory platform offers a range of products and services designed for clients' exposure and visibility within a network of over 900 Investment Advisors in independent and bank-owned investment dealers. Waterfront Strategic offers Capital Markets services by helping raise funds for its corporate clients from retail, institutional and family wealth management clients in Canada and other countries. 	Waterfront Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	December 12, 2000
WRI	nul	Waseco Resources Inc			--	
WEE	Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. is a Canada-based company that offers injection methodologies for distribution of fluids in the ground. The Company specializes in designing solutions for secondary oil recovery and environmental groundwater remediation. The Company is focused on two areas to maximize oil and gas productivity with exploration and production companies (E&Ps): oil and gas well stimulation (revitalizing individual well productivity), and improved or enhanced oil recovery (IOR/EOR) by improving fluid flow through the oil reservoir. The Company's Powerwave technology is an injection technology that improves the flow of fluids in geological materials, including sedimentary soils and fractured rock. Powerwave generates a fluid pressure pulse that causes an elastic flexure of the pore structure. This pressure pulse moves fluid into and out of a number of pore networks, thereby obtaining uniform injection front and resulting in oil recovery from production operations. 	Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	25	September 1, 2006
WML	Wealth Minerals Ltd. (Wealth) is a Canada-based junior mineral resource exploration company. The Company focuses on the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties primarily prospective for precious metals. It holds, or has the right to acquire, an interest in the N1/N2 Gold Project, Quebec. It is engaged in the review and evaluation of a number of mineral projects in both Canada and South America for possible acquisition. The N1/N2 Gold Project (the Property) is located approximately 25 kilometers south of the mining center of Matagami, Quebec, approximately four kilometers south of a regional highway. The Property consists of two blocks of claims: a larger eastern block (N2) totaling 3,600 hectares and a smaller western block (N1) totaling 336 hectares. The contiguous N2 block is further split into a northern section, the Northway Property (Northway), and a southern section, the Noyon Property (Noyon). 	Wealth Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 7, 1994
WSE	WellStar Energy Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of identification, acquisition and exploration of oil and gas properties. The Company owns around 240 net acres in Billings County and around 924 net acres in Sheridan County Montana. The Company's McTaggart Project is located in Saskatchewan, and its Leduc Project is located in Alberta. The Company re-entered its operated 35% working interest in Mannville oil well. The Company owns approximately 6,000 net acres in Saskatchewan and Alberta, which includes 3,500 net acres in Saskatchewan prospective for the Bakken formation, with production from wells in the Red River and Winnipeg Sand formations. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Wellstar Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 26, 1985
WCE	WesCan Energy Corp. is a Canada-based junior public resource company. The Company is engaged in the business of oil and gas exploration and development with oil and gas operations and property interests in Alberta, Canada and Texas, United States. Its oil and gas properties include Developed Land, Alberta; Undeveloped Land, Alberta, and Arkansas gas well, United States. The Company holds approximately 870 acres of undeveloped petroleum and natural gas leases in Alberta, Canada. The Company holds certain petroleum and natural gas leases from the Crown throughout Alberta. The undeveloped, non-producing leases are exploration lands. The company has natural gas production from a well in Arkansas, Logan County, United States, in which it has about 3.6% working interest. 	WesCan Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 4, 1993
WCB	WCB Resources Ltd. is a minerals exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in an ongoing search and evaluation of copper gold projects in various regions around the world. It is focused on exploring the Misima gold copper project in Misima Island, Papua New Guinea. The Company's Misima Island Project (EL 1747) includes the deposits of Grasberg, Ok Tedi, Hidden Valley, Wafi-Golpu, Lihir, Simberi and Panguna, as well as projects, such as Tolukuma, Kainantu and Woodlark Island. Its EL1747 Misima consists of approximately 50 sub blocks covering an area of around 180 square kilometers. It is engaged in exploration primarily in three prospects within the project: Misima Porphyry Prospect (a soil Copper Silver anomaly), Umuna Zone (an indicated resource of around 1.3 million ounces of gold and around six million ounces of silver and an inferred resource of around 0.38 million ounces of gold and around 3.3 million ounces of silver) and Quartz Mountain. 	WCB Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 2, 2007
WGF	Wescan Goldfields Inc. (Wescan) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the development of its exploration permits. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Jojay gold property, consisting of certain mineral dispositions located approximately 150 kilometers northeast of La Ronge, Saskatchewan. The Jojay project is an advanced stage gold exploration property. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Munro gold property, consisting of certain mineral dispositions located approximately 128 kilometers northeast of La Ronge, Saskatchewan. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Fork Lake/Jasper/Tamar gold property, consisting of certain mineral dispositions located approximately 150 kilometers northeast of La Ronge, Saskatchewan. 	Wescan Goldfields Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 17, 2003
WAF	West African Resources Limited is an Australia-based exploration company. The Company is a gold resource company engaged in acquisition, exploration and development of resource projects in West Africa. The Companys principal activity was mineral exploration focusing primarily on the Boulsa Gold project within Burkina Faso and Niger. West Africans 100% owned Boulsa Gold Project is located approximately 90 kilometers east of the capital Ouagadougou. As on January 2014, West African Resources Ltd completed the acquisition of Channel Resources Ltd. The Diamond drilling zone at Mankarga V was completed in April 2014. It increased the Indicated Resource by 12% (at a 0.5 grams per ton (g/t) Au cut-off) to 10.8 million tonnes of gold grading 1.3g/t Au for 437,000 ounces of gold, and 5.7 million tons grading 1.7g/t gold containing 315,000 ounces of gold at a 1g/t Au cut-off. 	West African Resources Ltd			--	September 1, 2006
WAF.WT	nul	West African Resources Ltd			--	
WHY	West High Yield WHY Resources Ltd, formerly West High Yield (W.H.Y.) Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based mining exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. The Company's only mineral exploration property is located on the outskirts of the town of Rossland, British Columbia (the Record Ridge South Property). The Company's Record South Ridge Property consists of around 21 contiguous mineral claims, eight crown granted claims and one privately owned claim totaling approximately 7,892 hectares. The Company is engaged in exploring for magnesium on its Ivanhoe Ridge, Hidden Valley and Record Ridge properties. The Company has not generated any revenues from operations. 	West High Yield WHY Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 29, 2003
WMT	West Mountain Environmental Corp. (West Mountain), formerly West Mountain Capital Corp., is a Canada-based waste management company. In Canada, the Company principally operates through its wholly owned subsidiary Phase Separation Solutions Inc., which operates a fixed soil treatment facility in Wolseley, Saskatchewan ((the Wolseley Facility). In China, the Company operates through its wholly owned foreign enterprise, Shanghai Phase Separation Environmental Technology Co., Ltd. Through its subsidiaries, West Mountain provides waste management services primarily by using indirectly heated thermal phase separation technology (TPS) to render wastes in contaminated soil and sludge inert. At the Wolseley Facility, contaminated material is received, temporarily stored, and thermally processed to remove and recover chlorinated and non-chlorinated hydrocarbons. In Hangzhou, China, the Company has three TPS units in operation. The Company's systems treat pesticide-contaminated soil. 	West Mountain Environmental Corp	Industrials	Environmental Services	0	November 30, 2005
WKM	West Kirkland Mining Inc. is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of gold projects in Nevada and Utah with its flagship asset being the Hasbrouck Project that consists of the Hasbrouck and Three Hills properties. The project is located between Reno and Las Vegas, near the town of Tonopah in Esmeralda county, Nevada. Its other projects include TUG and Rubicon. The Hasbrouck deposit is eight kilometers south of Tonopah and Three Hills is approximately 1.6 kilometers west of Tonopah and these properties cover approximately 12,000 acres on patented and unpatented land. The Hasbrouck property consists over 28 patented mining claims and approximately 583 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately 10,750 total acres within Esmeralda County, Nevada and Three Hills property consists of approximately 13 patented mining claims and over 100 unpatented mining claims totaling approximately 2,000 acres. 	West Kirkland Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 3, 2007
WBE	nul	Westbond Enterprises Corp			--	
WEB	Westbridge Energy Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition and development of oil and gas properties. The Company is a junior oil and natural gas exploration and production company. The Company holds an 80% interest in oil and gas petroleum exploration license granted by the Ministry of Mines and Energy of the Republic of Namibia to explore within block number 1811B off-shore Namibia through its 100% owned subsidiary, Kayuco Universal Ltd. The Company also owns a 75% interest in Blocks 1911A relinquished, 1912B, 1910A relinquished and 2011A relinquished. The Company, through its 100% owned subsidiary Portrush Petroleum USA, also holds a 22.5% working interest in the Lenox project in Macomb County, SE Michigan. The Bivens Field Project consists of a producing field on 760 acres in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana. The Olympia Minerals No. 1 well produces 15 barrels of oil per day (bopd) and 50 thousand cubic feet of gas per day (mcfpd). 	Westbridge Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	3	February 9, 1956
WTR	Westcore Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing resource properties in Western Canada. The Company's assets consist primarily of its working interests in the Riverside oil and gas field in south western Saskatchewan. The Company also holds a 75% interest in Coal Prospecting Permits in a project area called Hudson Bay North, which is located north east of the town of Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan, and a 75% interest in 90 Coal Leases in a project area called Black Diamond, in Manitoba east of the Hudson Bay North property. The Company also has a 60% interest in a single Quarry Exploration Permit, pending conversion to lease, immediately adjacent to the Black Diamond property called Panther. 	Westcore Energy Ltd	Energy	Coal	--	March 30, 2007
WRP	Western Pacific Resources Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company focusing on precious metals properties in the United States. The Company is focused on developing the polymetallic Deer Trail Mine in Piute County, Utah. As on February 21, 2014, the Company acquired the Deer Trail Mine property (DTM Project) located in Piute County, Utah, from the Deer Trail Mining Company LLC (DTMC), a subsidiary of Unico Inc. The Companys properties include Mineral Gulch, Rock Springs and Bombardier. The Deer Trail Mine project encompasses 3,275 acres of prospective ground within five square miles. The Mineral Gulch Property consists of 345 claims, which the Company staked in southeastern Cassia County in southern Idaho. The Rock Springs Property consists of 120 claims, which the Company staked in Elko County, Nevada. The Bombardier Project, consisting of 20 claims, is located southeast of Reno, Nevada, near the southeastern corner of the Santa Fe Mining District. 	Western Pacific Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 4, 2009
WKG	WestKam Gold Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in identifying, acquiring, exploring and developing precious and base metal deposits. The Company is focused on developing its Bonaparte property located in the Kamloops mining district in British Columbia, Canada. The Company operates through the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets segment in Canada. 	Westkam Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	October 2, 1982
WKM.WT	nul	West Kirkland Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
WP	Western Pacific Trust Company (WPTC) is a Canada-based non-deposit taking financial corporation. The Company's services include self-administered plans, trust services, client consulting services, transfer agency services, estates and wills, and financial and administrative services. WPTC offers self-administered tax deferred registered plans, such as registered retirement savings plans (RRSPs), spousal RRSPs (SRRSPs), locked-in retirement accounts (LIRAs), retirement income funds (RIFs) and locked-in funds (LIFs). WPTC offers strategic counsel, organizational assistance and work with clients' legal and financial advisors in the establishment of various forms of testamentary and inter-vivo trusts. WPTC provides tailored solutions for tax minimization, estate preservation and succession. WPTC provides a range of accounting, administrative and corporate secretarial services to clients. It provides transfer agent and registrar services to unlisted and non-reporting issuer companies. 	Western Pacific Trust Company	Financials	Investment Services	--	1985
WRY	nul	Western Troy Capital Resources Inc			--	
WMM	West Melville Metals Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in acquisition and exploration of its resource properties in Greenland. The Company owns 100% interest in the Isortoq property, which is located in south Greenland. The Company's Isortoq property is an Iron-Titanium-Vanadium Project, which includes four licenses. The Company is evaluating its Isortoq property for iron, titanium and vanadium deposits. The Company has initiated a metallurgical test program to evaluate hydro-metallurgical processes as a method for extracting marketable products of iron, titanium and vanadium from representative samples from the Isortoq Property. The Company has completed an initial phase of metallurgical work on the Isortoq property. 	West Melville Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	May 3, 2011
WMR	Westminster Resources Ltd. is a resource exploration company focused on exploring for mineral discoveries. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and, if warranted, developing mineral properties. Its mineral interests are in the early-stages of exploration. It is conducting exploration in Sonora state, Mexico through its subsidiaries. The Company's exploration interests are located in Sonora near Obregon. The mineral concessions are prospective for gold, copper and silver. Within the El Cobre property concession, which covers an area of over 20,000 hectares there are three projects: the Guayacan, the Cumbral-San Bartolo project and the Sierra. Mineralization in this area is characterized by gold-copper-silver veins, breccias and diatremes associated with porphyry deposit-style mineralized systems and hematite-magnetite sericitized zones and structures containing copper-gold mineralization having similarities with iron oxide copper gold (IOCG) deposit styles. 	Westminster Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 1, 2005
WZR	WesternZagros Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based international oil and gas company. The Company is focused on acquiring properties and exploring for, developing and producing crude oil and natural gas in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, holds around 40% working interest in the Garmian production sharing contract (PSC) and the Kurdamir PSC. It holds around two PSCs with the KRG. It has completed the exploration phase under both PSCs. The Company operates southern contract area named the Garmian Development Area that is governed under the Garmian PSC, which includes Sarqala-1 oil discovery and the Mil Qasim-1 oil discovery. The northern contract area is named the Kurdamir Development Area that is governed under the Kurdamir PSC, which contains Kurdamir-1, Kurdamir-2 and Kurdamir-3 oil, gas and condensate discoveries. WesternZagros Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	WesternZagros Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	393	August 22, 2007
WHM	White Metal Resources Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties. The Company's properties include Seagull/Disraeli, Manitouwadge PGE, Senecal Lake and other properties, such as Kasagiminnis Lake, West Porcupine and Vanguard. The Seagull Lake property is located in the Leckie Lake area. The Manitouwadge PGE Property is located in northern Ontario approximately 32 kilometers east of Manitouwadge, Ontario. Its Senecal Lake Property is located in the Natashquan River and Senecal Lake area of southwest Labrador. The Kasagiminnis Lake Property is located in northwestern Ontario approximately 25 kilometers southwest of the Town of Pickle Lake. The West Porcupine project is located approximately 50 kilometers southwest of Timmins, Ontario. The Vanguard Property is located in the Shebandowan greenstone belt, Northwestern Ontario, approximately 100 kilometers west of the city of Thunder Bay, Ontario. 	White Metal Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 22, 1990
WHN	Westhaven Ventures Inc. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. It holds the Ben South property and Shovelnose Gold Project. The Ben South property is a 9,503 hectare project. The property is underlain by rock units of the Permian to Triassic aged Cache Creek Complex of the Cache Creek Terrane. 	Westhaven Ventures Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 17, 1998
YTY	Wi2Wi Corporation (Wi2Wi), is a Canada-based company, which designs, manufactures and markets system in package and modular products for wireless applications around the world. The Company provides connectivity solutions, precision timing devices, frequency control products and microwave filters to the global market. Wi2Wi's miniaturized Wireless System-in-Package (SIP) connectivity Solutions are provided in the global market for Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IOT) and portable device embedded applications. Its wholly owned subsidiary includes Wi2Wi Inc. The Company, through Precision Devices, Inc. (Precision), designs, manufactures, distributes and sells radio frequency products that include crystals, oscillators, filters and a range of frequency controllers in the markets, such as industrial, avionics, space, medical and defense. Through Precision, the Company also manufactures commercial grade crystals and oscillators for consumer applications. 	Wi2Wi Corp	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	4	January 25, 2013
WST	Westridge Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company focused on the acquisition, evaluation and exploration of mineral resource properties. The Company has entered into an option agreement with Musgrove Minerals Corp. to hold upto 100% interest in and to certain concessions located in the Sinaloa State, Mexico known as the Charay Project. The Company also has an option to hold a 100% interest in additional mineral concession, known as the Jazzy Mineral Concession. 	Westridge Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 30, 2007
WEL	Wildcat Exploration Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of resource properties. The Company holds interests in resource properties in the provinces of Manitoba, Ontario and Saskatchewan and acts as the Manager of the Wildcat-Doe Run Canadian Exploration Alliance. The Company is exploring for base metals on the Island Lake property in New Brunswick, Canada. In Manitoba it holds 100% interests in the Reed Lake base metal property. The property is located near the producing Reed Mine approximately 35 kilometers southwest of Snow Lake in the Flin Flon Snow Lake mining district. In the Rice Lake greenstone belt of Manitoba, it holds a 100% interest in the Siderock claim block. In Ontario, its wholly owned McVicar gold property is located between the Red Lake and Pickle Lake gold mining camps. In Saskatchewan, it holds the Foster River zinc-lead project, 120 kilometer northwest of the town of La Ronge. 	Wildcat Exploration Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 11, 1998
WPQ	WPC Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business activity of acquiring, exploring and evaluating mineral properties, and following evaluation, joint venturing or developing these properties further or disposing of them. Its properties include The ZPG Project, Hood River Property and The Ulu Property. The Company has an option to acquire a 100% undivided interest in approximately 96 unpatented mining claims known as the ZPG Claims located in Lander County, Nevada. The claims were subject to a 3% NSR upon commencement of commercial production. It also has an option to acquire a 100% undivided interest in the New ZPG Claims. It has an option to earn a 60% interest in the New ZPG Claim. The Hood River Property is located approximately 530 kilometers north-northeast of Yellowknife and approximately 125 kilometers west of Bathurst Inlet. The Ulu Property is located contiguous to the Hood River Property in the High Lake greenstone belt. 	WPC Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 2007
WIL	Wilton Resources Inc. (Wilton) is an oil and gas exploration and development company with operations in Canada. The Company is pursuing oil and gas properties in various international locations, including the Middle East and Africa. The Company has 75% non-operated working interest in a producing oil and natural gas well located at 102/13-10-035-05-W4/00 in Monitor, Alberta. The property consists of all petroleum and natural gas rights below the Viking to the base of the Mannville within, upon or under the lands and the well. Wilton's well produces natural gas and liquids. 	Wilton Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 15, 2007
WCX	Williams Creek Gold Limited (Williams Creek) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of exploring precious and investing in base mineral properties in Canada. The Company owns mineral interests in the Cariboo, Kamloops and Omineca Mining Divisions in the province of British Columbia. The Company also has a joint venture outside of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories (NT), and a 30% interest in the ATW diamond property in the MacKenzie Mining District of the Northwest Territories. The Company's main project is a gold exploration project focused on its Barkerville Crown Granted mineral claim holdings. The Barkerville Project consists of 28 Crown Granted mineral claims. The ATW Diamond Property is located at Mackay Lake, Northwest Territories. The Company has a net 30% working interest in the ATW Diamond Project in partnership with Almaden Minerals Ltd. (58.8%) and Harry Winston (5.2%). 	Williams Creek Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 5, 1990
WLF	Wolfden Resources Corporation is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties in North America. The Company's properties include Tetagouche Property and Clarence Stream property. The 100%-owned Tetagouche property consist of over 20,000 hectares and is located in the Bathurst Mining Camp of north-eastern New Brunswick. The center of the property is located approximately 30 kilometers northwest of the Brunswick No. 12 zinc-lead-silver-gold (Zn-Pb-Ag-Au) deposit and 25 kilometers west of the City of Bathurst. The 100%-owned Clarence Stream property consists of 793 mineral claims comprising 17,446 hectares. It is well-located, 70 kilometers south-southwest of Fredericton and 25 kilometers north-northwest of the town of St. George in Charlotte County. 	Wolfden Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 12, 2009
WLP.P	Wolfpack Capital Corp. (Wolfpack) is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company is engaged in identifying and evaluating opportunities for the acquisition of an interest in assets of businesses in the mining and/or oil and gas sectors. 	Wolfpack Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 17, 2012
WR	Worldwide Resources Corp., formerly El Condor Minerals Inc., is in the business of acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in Canada. The Company is focused on identifying and acquiring base and precious metal assets. The Horden Lake Copper Project, a 100%-owned by the Company, is an exploration-stage copper-nickel property covering approximately 2,509 hectares near James Bay in northern Quebec, Canada. The Horden Lake copper deposit is a magmatic copper-nickel deposit with platinum group and precious metal credits. 	Worldwide Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	August 4, 2010
WLV	Wolverine Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and, if warranted, development of mineral resource properties. The Company's properties are located in the Remedios and Segovia municipalities of Antioquia, Colombia. The Company also holds a 100% interest in two properties in the Yukon (the Vivi and the Andy properties), which comprise a total of approximately 118 claims, aggregating approximately 2,467 hectares. These claims are in the Finlayson District and are directly owned by the Company. The Company's subsidiaries include Remedios Gold Holdings S.A., Remedios Gold S.A.S. and Nueva Granada Gold S.A.S. 	Wolverine Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	June 7, 2004
WOW.P	Wise Oakwood Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based capital pool company. The Company's principal business objective is to identify and evaluate assets, properties or businesses with a view to acquisition or participation by completing a qualifying transaction. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Wise Oakwood Ventures Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	January 7, 2013
XTT	nul	X-Terra Resources Inc			--	
DAP.U	XPEL Technologies Corp. is engaged in manufacturing and distributing after-market automotive products. The Company focuses on the aftermarket for automotive paint, window tint products and headlight protection products which it serves through its offerings of bulk paint protection film (PPF), pre-cut PPF and headlight protection kits. The Company provides training, equipment and product needed to operate in the Paint Protection industry and broader automotive protection space, including Paint and Headlamp Protection Film and software to access XPEL's library of protection patterns. The Company also provides pre-cut paint and headlamp protection kits to wholesale and retail customers and operates retail installation facilities. The Company has operations in the United States and operates XPEL Ltd. in the United Kingdom. The Company's products include XPEL Protection Film ULTIMATE and XTREME; XPEL STEALTH FILM, and XPEL Protection Film  ARMOR, among others. 	XPEL Technologies Corp			--	October 14, 2003
XL	XXL Energy Corp. (XXL) is a Canada-based energy company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing oil and gas leasehold properties located in the States of Colorado, Wyoming, North Dakota and Washington, the United States. In the Green River Basin, Wyoming, the Company owns working interests in six natural gas wells and five royalty interest wells, including the Jade 10-11. XXL holds an interest in certain acreage in the Williston Basin as an exploration and evaluation property. XXL's leasehold in Washington totals approximately 31,150 net acres. In the Piceance Basin, the Company owns working interests in four producing natural gas wells and four non-producing wells. The Company's activities in the Piceance Basin are limited to its developed acreage totaling around 320 acres. 	XXL Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	8	June 11, 1987
XND	Xander Resources Inc. (Xander) is a junior mineral resource exploration company. The Company's principal business is the identification, evaluation and acquisition of mineral properties, as well as exploration of mineral properties once acquired. The Companys Hot Property is located near the southern end of the Skeena Mountains in north-central British Columbia, Canada. It is in the Omineca Mining Division, 70 kilometers north of Smithers, British Columbia. and consists of 10 contiguous mineral tenures with area 3342.75 hectares. 	Xander Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 9, 2010
XBC	Xebec Adsorption Inc. is a Canada-based provider of gas purification and filtration solutions for the natural gas, field gas, biogas, helium, and hydrogen markets. The Company designs, engineers and manufactures products that transform raw gases into marketable sources of clean energy mainly used to displace diesel or gasoline as a transportation fuel. The Company has operations in markets, such as natural gas purification, associated gas purification, biogas upgrading and hydrogen purification. The Company focuses on four market and business segments, which include Biogas upgrading plants; Natural gas dehydration and conditioning for natural gas vehicles (NGV) refueling stations; Hydrogen purification, and Associated gas and Helium purification. It operates two manufacturing facilities in Blainville, and Shanghai, People's Republic of China, as well as a sales and distribution network in North America and Asia. 	Xebec Adsorption Inc	Industrials	Environmental Services	111	June 12, 2009
XE	Xemplar Energy New Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties. The Company entered into an option agreement with Pak-Kashmir Minerals Resources (PVT) Ltd. and holds an option to acquire a 25% interest in a bentonite exploration/exploitation concession over an area of 2,332 acres, located in Dudhial District Mirpur of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan. Namura Uranium Property includes two reconnaissance licenses and six prospecting licenses covering uranium exploration properties in Namibia. The Company entered into an option agreement with Gul Asghar Khan and Apex Industries (Private) Limited and holdsan option to acquire 60% equity interest in a prospecting license for a marble concession comprising 168 acres located in Markandi District, Abbotabad, Pakistan and an additional two marble concession prospecting licenses. 	Xemplar Energy New Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 12, 1979
XIA	Xiana Mining Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has an option agreement to earn a 100% interest in the Deborah Gold Property, Cajamarca, Peru. The claims are included in the South Zone. The subsidiaries of the Company include Dorato Peru S.A.C and Compania Minera la Luminosa S.A.C. 	Xiana Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	August 21, 2006
WEY	Wolfeye Resources Corp. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of exploration and evaluation assets (mineral properties). The Company's mineral properties include Goldtooth Gold project in Inyo County, California. The Company's Goldtooth Gold project consists of two separate claim blocks, which are located around 11 kilometers apart, bookending Atna Resources' Briggs Gold Mine (Briggs). The Goldtooth Gold project's claim blocks include the Goldtooth Northern Block and the Goldtooth Southern Block. Geochemical sampling and mapping are underway at the Goldtooth northern claim block and southern claim block. The Company has also engaged Rio Rico Land Survey to stake approximately 31 additional claims at the Jackpot claim block to the north of the Briggs Gold Mine. 	Wolfeye Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 26, 2007
XME	Xmet Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of early stage mineral resource properties in Canada. The Company's focus is on gold and graphite exploration with its gold properties located in Quebec and its graphite properties in Ontario. Its principal investment activities consist of mineral exploration on the Blackflake Properties, Grasset Property, Authier Property and Livaudiere Property. The Blackflake Properties are located within the Porcupine Mining District of northern Ontario. The Grasset Property is located in the northern part of the Abitibi greenstone belt. The Authier Property is located mainly in Poularies and Privat townships in the western Abitibi Region of Quebec. The Livaudiere Property is located at the northern limit of the Abitibi greenstone belt. 	Xmet Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 2, 2006
XAG	Xtierra Inc. is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company's primary business is exploring for and developing precious and base metal deposits on its mineral properties located in the Central Silver Belt of Mexico in the State of Zacatecas. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Bilbao Zinc-Silver-Lead-Copper Project (Bilbao) and La Laguna Pedernalillo (Laguna) Tailings Project. The Bilbao project is a polymetallic sulfide and oxide replacement silver-lead-zinc-copper deposit located approximately 500 kilometers northwest of Mexico City in the southeastern part of the State of Zacatecas. The Laguna project is located near the city of Zacatecas in Mexico and consists of tailings solids derived from historic mine processing wastes and tailings. 	Xtierra Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
XIM	Ximen Mining Corp. is a mineral exploration company focused on the exploration and development of gold projects in Southern British Columbia. The Company has a 100% interest in two properties: the Gold Drop Project and the Brett Gold Project. The Company owns 100% interest in The Gold Drop Property, which consists of eight crown grants and 13 mineral claims that together cover an area of approximately 1,250 hectares. The Gold Drop property is centered about 9 kilometers northeast of Greenwood, in Southern British Columbia covering approximately 21,000 hectares. The Company owns 100% of the Brett Gold property. The property is located approximately 29 kilometers west of Vernon in south-central British Columbia on the west side of Okanagan Lake. 	Ximen Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 4, 2006
XYL	Xylitol Canada Inc. (XYI) is a Canada-based natural sweetener company. The Company is in the business of manufacturing of food and pharmaceutical-grade xylitol from sustainable biomass. The Company also distributes xylitol and xylitol-based products. The Company markets its services primarily in Canada and the United States. The Company offers its products under the brand Xyla along with a line of xylitol products. Xyla is available in over 75 products, including bulk xylitol, candy, mints, gum, lollipops, chocolates, Jam in Mountain Berry and Apricot flavors, and condiments, such as fruit spreads and ketchup. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Xylitol USA Inc., is engaged in the distribution of its products. 	Xylitol Canada Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	May 9, 2008
YOO	Yangaroo Inc. (Yangaroo) is a technology company that is the provider of business to business (B2B) distribution of media through the Internet. The Company's digital media distribution system (DMDS) is a secure B2B digital media management solution for the entertainment and advertising industries. DMDS is a technology solution that provides an integrated work flow based digital distribution and data management solution. DMDS provides audio and video content for music, music videos, and advertising to television, radio, media, retailers, award shows and other authorized recipients with digital distribution of broadcast quality media through the Internet. Yangaroo also offers asset management and post production services to clients in the music and advertising industries. 	Yangaroo Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	17	July 28, 1999
YVI	Yorkton Ventures Inc. is a Canada-based Tier 2 oil and gas issuer company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for and the development and production of oil and natural gas in Western Canada. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of prospective oil and gas properties and will work to identify and evaluate other properties and exploration programs. The Company owns varying interests in around six wells in the Gift Lake area of Alberta. The Company does not operate any of the wells. The Gift Lake property is located in North Central Alberta. The Company also holds the right to earn a working interest in approximately 448 hectares in the Nipisi area of North Central Alberta. The Company's Gift Lake Assets consist of around 45% working interest in one active well and around 25% interest in two other active wells. The Company also receives royalty payments from the production on its fourth active interest. The Company also has a working interest in two inactive wells. 	Yorkton Ventures Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 30, 2006
YO	Yoho Resources Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Company is engaged in petroleum and natural gas exploration and development activities in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin in the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. The Company is focused on the production of crude oil and natural gas. 	Yoho Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	10	July 12, 1993
ZAD	Zadar Ventures Ltd. (Zadar) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. It acquires, explores, and develops mineral resource properties. Its projects include The Whiskey Gap Property, Bullrun Uranium Project, Bullrun Blocks D and E, Upper Poulton Lake, Patterson Northeast, Pasfield Lake Project, Highrock/Riverlake Projects, Stony Road Project and West Carswell Project. The Whiskey Gap Property is located in Southern Alberta. The Bullrun Uranium Project is located in the southwestern Athabasca Basin in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Upper Poulton Lake, Highrock/Riverlake, Stony Road and West Carswell Projects are located in the Athabasca Basin in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Patterson Northeast Project is located in Saskatchewan. The Pasfield Lake Project (approximately 37,445 hectares) is situated on the Pasfield Structure and astride the Cable Bay shear zone (CBSZ). 	Zadar Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 6, 2008
ZAO	Zaio Corporation (Zaio) is a Canada-based company, engaged in developing a secure database. Zaio owns and develops a secure database for residential housing appraisal research of metropolitan areas throughout the United States, completed by appraisers utilizing Zaios tools and processes. Zaios research is combined with property information and comparable sales history of residential property in metropolitan areas. Zaios GeoScore technology and associated processes allow not only for appraisal practice, but also allow appraisers to update the valuation of the target home every single month. Zaios appraiser backed database has a range of customer markets, including mortgage loan origination and banking, property tax assessment, real estate investment, foreclosures, real estate owned (REO) properties, mortgage backed securities valuation, housing indices, fraud detection and forensic accounting. 	Zaio Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	
ZCC	nul	Zena Mining Corp			--	
ZEE	Zenith Energy Ltd. is an energy company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, development of and production of petroleum and natural gas in Argentina and Italy and exploration for oil and gas in central Asia and Africa. The Company's two producing fields are located in the Patagonia region of Southern Argentina, and specifically in the San Jorge basin, Chubut Province. In Italy, it owns working interests in onshore exploration and production properties. The properties consists of nine onshore gas production sites, including Masseria Grottavecchia, San Teodoro, Torrente Cigno, Misano Adriatico, Sant'Andrea, Masseria Petrilli, Masseria Acquasalsa, Lucera and San Mauro. The exploration properties include four permits, which include Montalbano, Serra dei Gatti, Villa Carbone and Colle dei Nidi. The Company's two natural gas properties include Torrente Vulgano property, which is located in the Puglia Region and Canaldente property, which is located in the Basilicata Region. 	Zenith Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	September 20, 2007
ZEN	Zenyatta Ventures Ltd. is an exploration company. The Company identifies and evaluates opportunities for the acquisition of an interest in mineral exploration assets or businesses and, once identified, to negotiate an acquisition or participation. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the mining of precious and base metals. It is focused primarily on mineral deposits in Northern Ontario, Canada. It is engaged in exploring mining projects and holds an interest in exploration licenses on properties in the Arc of Fire area in Northern Ontario, Canada. The properties located in the north of Lake Superior and west of James Bay in north-western Ontario, Canada, are unpatented, non-contiguous, and consist of six blocks of claims, 157 claims and 2,356 claim units, totaling 376.96 square kilometers and 37,696 hectares (the claims). The Company focuses on the exploration of the claims and development of the Albany Graphite Deposit on claim block 4F. 	Zenyatta Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	July 29, 2008
ZMS	Zecotek Photonics Inc. is a Canada-based photonics Company. The Company develops photonics technologies and products for commercial and research applications in many different markets, which include medical, bio?science and high?e. The Company is engaged in developing scintillation crystals, photo detectors, positron emission tomography scanning technologies, 3D auto-stereoscopic displays and lasers for applications in medical, high-tech and industrial sectors. The Company operates three divisions: Imaging Systems, Laser Systems and 3D Display Systems with labs located in Canada, Korea, Russia, Singapore and United States. The Company has three operational subsidiary companies, which include Zecotek Imaging Systems Pte Ltd. (ZIS); Zecotek Display Systems Pte Ltd. (ZDS), and Zecotek Laser Systems Pte Ltd. (ZLS). 	Zecotek Photonics Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	November 25, 1983
ZUM	ZoomerMedia Limited is a multimedia company. The Company serves the people in over 45 years age group through television, radio, magazine, Internet, conferences and trade shows. Its television properties include Vision TV, which is a multi-faith specialty television service; ONE: The Body, Mind, Spirit and Love Channel, which offers programs on exercise, meditation, yoga, natural health and living a planet-friendly lifestyle; JoyTV, which is offered in Vancouver, Victoria, Surrey and the Fraser Valley, and HOPETV, which is a lifestyle television service out of Winnipeg devoted to broadcasting Christian programming. Its radio properties include CFMZ-FM Toronto-The New Classical 96.3FM; CFMX-FM Cobourg-The New Classical 103.1FM; CFMO-FM Collingwood-The New Classical 102.9FM, and CFZMAM 740 Toronto-The New AM740 Zoomer Radio. The Company also publishes ZOOMER Magazine, which is a paid circulation magazine. Its trade show and conference divisions produce the ZoomerShows and ideaCity. 	ZoomerMedia Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	--	July 1, 2013
ZMD	ZoomMed Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the development and marketing of a range of computer applications designed for healthcare professionals. The Company has developed the ZRx Prescriber, a Web application that enables physicians to generate prescriptions on their computer, tablet or smartphone. Its communication network is a clinical information exchange platform between physicians and the various other stakeholders of the healthcare sector, such as pharmacists, specialists, pharmaceutical corporations, private insurers, laboratories, specialized clinics and others. Its ZRx Access platform allows bidirectional exchange of prescription information between physicians and pharmacists, as well as ZRx benefits for the transmission of certain insurance plans information from insurance companies, in order to inform physicians about their patient's type of coverage when they write the prescription. The Company also owns PraxisLab a new pharmacy management software. 	ZoomMed Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	February 24, 2005
ZFR	Zephyr Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company holds a 100% interest in the Dawson gold project in Colorado, the United States. The Dawson project consists of three mineralized areas: the Dawson segment, the Windy Gulch segment and the Windy Point segment. The Dawson property hosts a Proterozoic-aged, strata bound copper-gold deposit with associated sulfide zinc-lead-silver mineralization along strike to the west. The Dawson project consists of 45 contiguous unpatented lode mining claims, and eight patented lode mining claims and one patented placer claim covering approximately 2.75 square kilometers (400 hectares). The Company holds a 100% interest in 45 contiguous unpatented claims and a 50% interest in eight separate patented mining lode claims. 	Zephyr Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 26, 2010
ZC	Zimtu Capital Corp. is a Canada-based investment issuer and company builder focused on private, micro and small-cap resource companies. The Company focuses on building new resource exploration companies at the private and seed level. It operates through three business segments: Investment in stock, warrants, and others; Property acquisitions, dispositions, and management, and Company management services. The Investment in stock, warrants, and others segment has investments in exploration companies, such as Western Potash Corp., Arctic Star Exploration Corp., Commerce Resources Corp., Pasinex Resources Ltd., Prima Diamond Corp., Equitas Resources Corp., Lakeland Resources Inc. and Electra Gold Ltd. The Property acquisitions, dispositions, and management segment engages in mineral resource project management and also provides mineral resource advisory services. The Company management services segment provides management and administrative services to private and public companies. 	Zimtu Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	July 4, 2006
ZON	Zonte Metals Inc. is a Canada-based junior mineral exploration company primarily focused on gold. The Company is engaged in locating and acquiring mineral projects and exploring for mineralization. The Company's Wings Point Project is located on the island portion of Newfoundland and Labrador. The Wings Point Project consists of four mineral exploration licenses covering 126 claims and an area of approximately 3,150 hectares located in the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada. The Wings Point North claims are covered by Newfoundland Exploration License 016270M, which consists of 30 mineral exploration claims covering 750 hectares. The Company has also staked and maintained an additional 96 claims covering 2,400 hectares, in surrounding and contiguous areas to Wings Point North. 	Zonte Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 26, 2011
ONE	01 Communique Laboratory Inc. is engaged in the development and delivery of integrated communications software and services. The Company operates in the remote access market, developing and marketing a suite of products for mobile users who have a requirement for remote access, remote support and/or online meetings. The Company also offers its remote access services for small-medium sized business and information technology (IT) service providers. Its products include I'm InTouch, which provides both businesses and home users with a personal computer remote access software solution; I'm OnCall, which is a secure Web-based help desk management software application that allows resellers and any other organizations to deliver customer support services; I'm InTouch Meeting, which is a secure Web-based collaboration system allowing users to host online meetings and Web conferencing's, and COMMUNiCATE!, which is a voice mail and fax software product that resembles a telephone system. 	01 Communique Laboratory Inc	Technology	Software	11	October 7, 1992
