symbol	description	name	sector	industry	employees	incorporated
AW.UN	A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based limited purpose trust. The Fund invests in A&W Trade Marks Inc. (Trade Marks), which through its ownership interest in A&W Trade Marks Limited Partnership (the Partnership) owns the A&W trade-marks used in the A&W quick service restaurant business in Canada. The Fund's capital management objectives are to have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to pay unit holders, after satisfaction of its debt service and income tax obligations, provisions for general and administrative expenses, and retention of reasonable working capital reserves. The Partnership has granted A&W Food Services of Canada Inc. (Food Services) a license to use the A&W trade-marks in Canada for which Food Services pays a royalty of 3% of sales reported to Food Services by specific A&W restaurants. Food Services is a franchisor of hamburger quick service restaurants in Canada. 	A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	0	December 18, 2001
DRX	ADF Group Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the design and engineering of connections, the fabrication, including industrial coating, and the installation of complex steel structures, heavy steel built-ups, as well as miscellaneous and architectural metalwork. The Company's products and services are intended for the five principal segments of the non-residential construction market: office towers and high-rises, commercial and recreational buildings, airport facilities, industrial complexes and transport infrastructures. The Company operates two structural steel fabrication plants: one of 58,530 square-meters in the Province of Quebec, Canada and one of 9,290 square-meters in the State of Montana, United States. It also operates a 3,900-square-meter paint shop. The Company's subsidiaries include ADF Group USA Inc., ADF Industrial Coating Inc., ADF International Inc. and ADF Steel Corp. 	Adf Group Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	312	October 22, 1979
AEU.UN	ACTIVEnergy Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to pay monthly distributions to unitholders and to enhance long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio of energy companies with an emphasis on oil and gas, as well as common shares of Canadian and the United States based issuers operating in the energy sector. Middlefield Limited is the trustee and manager of the Fund. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) and Guardian Capital LP are the co-advisors to the Fund. Groppe, Long & Littell is the special advisor of the Fund. 	Activenergy Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 27, 2004
FAP	Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Company Limited is a Cook Islands-based closed-end investment company. The investment objective of the Company is to obtain current income and achieve incidental capital appreciation from investment in long-term debt securities. The Company may invest up to 80% of total assets in securities issued by Asian entities. The Company may invest up to 20% of the Company's total assets in Australian debt securities. Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Limited is the investment manager of the Company. Aberdeen Asset Management Limited is the fund advisor. 	Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Company Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 15, 1986
AAB	Aberdeen International Inc. is a global investment and merchant banking company. The Company is focused on small capitalization companies in the resource sector. Its investment objective is to acquire both directly and indirectly through its subsidiary and equity participation. Its primary investment objective is to realize earnings by investing in pre Initial public offering or early-stage public resource companies with undeveloped or undervalued resources. It may invest in intermediate and senior companies and may invest in other industries. It may also make direct investments in publicly-traded securities that have low trading volumes. Its investments include debt instruments and equity securities of companies. Its investment portfolio consisted of approximately 20 publicly-traded investments and over 19 privately-held investments. Its investments include African Thunder Platinum Ltd., Falco Resources Inc., Indo Gold Limited, Rio Alto Mining Ltd. and Sulliden Mining Capital Inc. 	Aberdeen International Inc	Financials	Investment Services	1	July 4, 2006
ABT	Absolute Software Corp is a Canada-based company, which provides endpoint security and data risk management solutions. The Company's Persistence technology provides organizations with visibility and control over all of their devices, regardless of user or location. The Company's Absolute Data & Device Security (DDS) product is an adaptive endpoint security solution that is designed to enable customers to maintain control over their mobile computing environments both on and off the corporate network. The DDS provides organizations with security capabilities, such as lifecycle security, risk assessment, and risk response for endpoint devices and the data they contain. The Company provides its security solutions for corporate, schools, healthcare, state and local governments, and federal government. The Company provides its solutions for devices, such as computers, laptops, tablets and smartphones. 	Absolute Software Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	444	November 24, 1993
ADN	Acadian Timber Corp. is a Canada-based supplier of primary forest products in Eastern Canada and the Northeastern United States. It owns and manages approximately 761,000 acres of freehold timberlands in New Brunswick (NB Timberlands), approximately 299,000 acres of freehold timberlands in Maine (Maine Timberlands) and provides management services relating to approximately 1.3 million acres of Crown licensed timberlands in New Brunswick. The Company has two reporting segments: NB Timberlands and Maine Timberlands. It also owns and operates a forest nursery in Second Falls, New Brunswick. The Company's products include softwood and hardwood saw logs, pulpwood and biomass by-products sold to approximately 90 regional customers. 	Acadian Timber Corp	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	195	January 1, 2010
ACD	Accord Financial Corp. is an asset-based finance company. The Company is engaged in the provision of working capital solutions to industrial and commercial enterprises, in Canada and the United States. The Company offers a range of financial solutions, which include asset-based lending, credit protection and receivables management, lease financing and international trade financing. The Company's asset-based lending solutions enable its clients to unlock working capital from their accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. The Company finances equipment for small- and medium-sized business, serving a range of Canadas industries, from forestry and energy, to construction and manufacturing. The Company's AccordOctet program provides trade financing for North American companies sourcing goods and its alliance with Factors Chain International facilitates credit and collection services through a network of over 265 banks and trade finance firms in 75 countries across the world. 	Accord Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	104	
AEF.A	Acasta Enterprises Inc is a Canada-based shell company. The Company is a special purpose acquisition company, which was incorporated for the purpose of effecting an acquisition of one or more businesses or assets, by way of a merger, amalgamation, arrangement, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or any other similar business combination involving the corporation (qualifying acquisition). The Company focuses on acquisitions that operate in North America. In addition, the Company focuses on acquiring companies with an enterprise value of between $1 billion and $2 billion. 	Acasta Enterprises Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 19, 2015
AEF.WT	nul	Acasta Enterprises Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ASP	Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp, formerly Trimel Pharmaceuticals Corp, is a pharmaceutical company that focuses on the development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of products with a focus in men's health and women's health. The Company's products include Natesto, which is nasal testosterone replacement therapy that is developed for the treatment of male hypogonadism (Low T); Estrace, which is an oral 17-beta estradiol tablet used for the symptomatic relief of menopausal symptoms, and Tefina, which is a low-dose nasal testosterone gel that is developed for the treatment of female orgasmic disorder. The Company's Tefina product has completed its Phase II clinical trial. The Company holds a license for the development and marketing rights of its products utilizing a bio adhesive intranasal gel drug delivery technology platform, and owns a unit-dose dry powder inhaler/nasal dispersion system, TriVair. 	Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corporation	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	16	July 15, 2009
AEZ	Aeterna Zentaris Inc. is a Canada-based specialty biopharmaceutical company engaged in developing treatments in oncology, endocrinology and women's health. The Company has three wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries: AEZS GmbH, based in Frankfurt, Germany, Zentaris IVF GmbH, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of AEZS Germany based in Frankfurt, Germany, and Aeterna Zentaris, Inc. Its drug development efforts are focused on two compounds, zoptarelin doxorubicin and Macrilen, which are in clinical development, and on two oncology compounds (an Erk inhibitor and Luteinizing Hormone-Releasing Hormone-disorazol Z product candidates), which are in pre-clinical development. Zoptarelin doxorubicin represents a hybrid molecule composed of a synthetic peptide carrier and a chemotherapy agent, doxorubicin. Macrilen (macimorelin acetate) is an orally available peptidomimetic ghrelin receptor agonist that stimulates the secretion of growth hormone by binding to the ghrelin receptor. 	AEterna Zentaris Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	56	September 12, 1990
AGF.B	AGF Management Limited (AGF) is an investment management company. AGF's products and services include investment solutions for retail, institutional and high-net-worth clients. The retail business provides a range of products across a number of investment strategies, including AGF mutual funds, the AGF Elements portfolios and the Harmony Private Investment Program. The institutional business offers a range of investment mandates through pooled funds and segregated accounts for institutions, pension funds, foundations, sovereign wealth funds and endowments, among others. The high-net-worth business offers investment management and counseling services, and includes the operations of Cypress Capital Management Limited; Highstreet Asset Management (Highstreet) and Doherty & Associates. AGF invests in various sectors, such as utilities, civil, social and power infrastructure assets and renewable energy. It operates in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Asia. 	AGF Management Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	494	March 13, 1995
AAV	Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd is a Canada-based intermediate natural gas and liquids development and production company. It is focused on development and growth of its Montney natural gas resource play at Glacier, Alberta. Its production at Glacier is 135 millions of cubic feet equivalent per day. The Glacier property consists of 82 gross (76 net) sections of land with Doig/Montney interests. It has drilled and completed approximately 137 gross (127.5 net) horizontal wells at the Glacier property in either the Triassic Montney or Doig formation siltstones. In addition, two vertical wells drilled into the underlying Belloy Formation are used for acid gas disposal and two vertical wells are used as service wells that support its water disposal system. It drilled approximately 38 gross (38 net) horizontal wells in the Montney and Lower Doig formations. It owns and operates a 100% working interest gas plant located at 5-02-76-12W6. 	Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	26	September 5, 2007
PFR.UN	nul	Advantaged Preferred Share Trust			--	
ARE	Aecon Group Inc. is a Canada-based construction and infrastructure development company. The Company operates in four segments: Infrastructure, Energy, Mining and Concessions. The Infrastructure segment includes all aspects of the construction of both public and private infrastructure, primarily in Canada, and on a selected basis, internationally. The Energy segment includes a full suite of service offerings to the energy sector, including industrial, construction and manufacturing activities, such as in-plant construction, site construction and module assembly. The Mining segment offers services consolidating the Company's mining capabilities and services across Canada, including both mine site installations and contract mining. The Concessions segment includes the activities of development, financing, construction and operation of infrastructure projects by way of build-operate-transfer, build-own-operate-transfer and other public-private partnership contract structures. 	Aecon Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	1862	May 16, 1978
AHY.UN	nul	Advantaged Canadian High Yield Bond Fund			--	
ARE.DB.B	nul	Aecon Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	
ARL	Africo Resources Ltd. (Africo) is a Canada-based development-stage company engaged in exploring, acquiring and developing base metal and gold assets in Africa. The Company has a 75% interest in the Kalukundi Property, a copper (Cu) and cobalt (Co) property, located within the Kolwezi District of Katanga Province in the south-east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The project is located 32 kilometers (km) west of the Tenke Fungurume deposit controlled by Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. and 65km from the mining center of Kolwezi in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 	Africo Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	9	July 4, 2006
AOI	Africa Oil Corp. (AOC) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and development company. The Company has oil and gas interest in Kenya, Ethiopia and, through Horn Petroleum, Puntland (Somalia). AOC's blocks/areas include Block 9, Block 10BB, Block 12A, Block 13T, Block 10BA, Blocks 7, Blocks 8, Rift Basin, Adigala, South Omo, Dharoor Valley and Nugaal Valley. Its oil exploration and appraisal wells include Amosing -1, Kodos-1, Ekosowan-1, Ewoi-1, Ekunyuk-1, Etom-1, Emong-1, Sala-1, El Kuran-3, Shimela-1, Gardim-1, Etuko-2, 2A, Ngamia-2, Ngamia-3, Ngamia-4, Ngamia-5, Amosing-2, 2A, Agete-2, Twiga-2, 2A and Sala-2. Its subsidiaries include 0845379 B.C. Ltd. (British Columbia), Africa Oil Holdings Cooperatief U.A. (Netherlands), Africa Oil Turkana B.V. (Netherlands), Africa Oil Kenya B.V. (Netherlands), Africa Oil Ethiopia B.V (Netherlands), Africa Oil Turkana Ltd. (Kenya), 0903658 B.C. Ltd. (British Columbia) and Centric Energy Holdings (Barbados) Inc. (Barbados), among others. 	Africa Oil Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 29, 1983
AFN	Ag Growth International Inc. is a manufacturer of agricultural equipment. The Company is focused on grain handling, storage and conditioning products. The Company sells its products to customers, which include various kinds of corporate farms, commercial grain handling operations, such as grain elevators and port facilities, and commercial processors of agricultural commodities. The Company offers Portable grain handling equipment, such as augers and belt conveyors; Storage products, such as corrugated flat bottom and hopper bottom bins, relocatable and perforated panels, among others, and Conditioning products, which include equipment used in aeration, heating and drying, such as furnaces, heaters and fans. Its divisions include Batco REM GrainVac; Wheatheart;Westfield; AGI Nobleford; Hi Roller; Union Iron; Applegate; Mepu; Tramco, and Airlanco. 	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	659	December 31, 2009
AFN.DB.B	nul	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
AFN.DB.A	nul	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
AFN.DB.C	nul	Ag Growth International Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
ACR.UN	Agellan Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust is an unincorporated, open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring and owning industrial, office and retail properties in select target markets in the United States and Canada. The Company invests in income producing properties in the United States and Canada in the industrial, office and retail asset classes. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's portfolio consisted of approximately 4.6 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) in 31 properties. The properties are located in Texas (17 properties), Georgia (6 properties), Ontario (2 properties), and each of Quebec, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, North Carolina and Maryland. 	Agellan Commercial Real Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AIM.PR.A	nul	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
AIM	Aimia Inc. (Aimia) is a marketing and loyalty analytics company. Aimia is engaged in loyalty management. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates in three regional business segments: Canada, the United States and Asia-Pacific (US & APAC) and Europe, Middle-East and Africa (EMEA). Aimia offers loyalty services, which include Coalition Loyalty, Proprietary Loyalty and Analytics Insights. The Coalition Loyalty service designs, builds, owns and manages multi-partner and shared loyalty programs across the world. Aimia's Proprietary Loyalty service designs, builds and manages strategic business and customer loyalty programs for individual clients across the world. Its Analytics and Insights service collects, analyzes and derives actionable insight from customer data to deliver measurable marketing return-on-investment (ROI) for clients and partners across the world. Aimia provides proprietary loyalty services, including loyalty program strategy, design, launch and operation. 	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	4711	May 5, 2008
AJX	AgJunction Inc. is a China-based company provides hardware and software applications for precision agriculture across the world. The Company is engaged in the design, marketing and sale of precision Global Positioning System (GPS) products and technologies. The Company's divisions include Outback, Satloc and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) Solutions. Outback delivers advanced precision farming systems. Satloc develops GPS guidance and flow control products for aerial application. AgJunction provides engineered solutions to implement and precision product manufacturers. The Company's Agronomy Services operations provide a cloud-based data management software platform and wireless hardware to the Company's Outback customers or precision agriculture retailers and growers. The Company markets its products and services under brand names, including Outback Guidance and Satloc. It operates in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia. 	AgJunction Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	152	July 31, 1990
AGT	AGT Food and Ingredients Inc. (AGT), formerly Alliance Grain Traders Inc., is a processors and splitters of pulse crops and an international producer, processor and exporter of staple food products to over 100 countries. AGT operates in three segments: pulses and grains processing, which includes subsidiaries and facilities in Canada, the United States, Australia, China and a portion of the operations in Turkey; trading and distribution, which includes operations in Europe, Russia, India and a portion of the operations in Turkey and Australia, and food ingredients and packaged foods, which include subsidiaries and facilities in the United States, Canada, South Africa and a portion of the operations in Turkey. AGT handles a range of pulses and specialty crops, including lentils, peas, chickpeas, beans, popcorn, canary seed, flax and other specialty seeds packed for domestic and export markets, as well as in dry small package and canned products. 	AGT Food and Ingredients Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	1800	July 2, 2009
AIM.PR.B	nul	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
AGU	Agrium Inc. (Agrium) is a Canada-based producer and marketer of nutrients for agricultural and industrial markets. Agrium is a retailer of agricultural products and services in the United States, Canada, Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay and a multi-national producer and wholesale marketer of nutrients for agricultural and industrial markets. The Company operates through its two business units: Retail and Wholesale. Agrium Wholesale owns 16 production facilities in North and South America across the nitrogen, potash and phosphate spectrum; two mines; and a distribution and storage network throughout North America and internationally through Agrium Europe. Agrium Retail operates approximately 1,375 retail locations, 57 terminals, 8 plants and 18 distribution centers in North and South America, as well as Australia. 	Agrium Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	15200	December 21, 1992
AEM	Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd is a Canada-based gold producer. The Company has mining operations in northwestern Quebec, northern Mexico, northern Finland and Nunavut, and exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America and the United States. It operates through three business units: Northern Business, Southern Business and Exploration. Its Northern Business consists of the operations in Canada and Finland, which include the LaRonde mine, the Lapa mine, the Goldex mine, the Meadowbank mine and the Meliadine project. Its Southern Business consists of the Company's operations in Mexico. The Company's mining at Pinos Altos is conducted through its subsidiary, Agnico Eagle Mexico S.A. de C.V., which owns the Pinos Altos mine, including the Creston Mascota deposit. Its Exploration group focuses on the identification of new mineral reserves and resources, and new developments in stable and proven gold producing regions. 	Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	4999	June 1, 1972
AIM.PR.C	nul	Aimia Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
AC	Air Canada is a domestic, the United States trans-border and international airline and provider of scheduled passenger services in the Canadian market, the Canada-United States trans-border market and in the international market to and from Canada. Together with its Air Canada Express regional partners, Air Canada serves close to 35 million passengers annually and provides direct passenger service to more than 175 destinations on five continents. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance. Air Canada's new leisure airline, Air Canada rouge, (aircanada.com/rouge) serves popular holiday destinations in Europe, the Caribbean and Central America and is expanding to a total of 10 European destinations. Air Canada's five new Boeing 777-300ER aircraft entered service, after Air Canada's Premium Economy cabin was inaugurated on Montreal-Paris flights. Air Canada offers array of services from its mobile platform, enabling customers to seamlessly manage their travel from mobile device. 	Air Canada	Industrials	Airlines	24400	November 24, 2006
AKT.A	AKITA Drilling Ltd. is an oil and gas drilling contractor with drilling operations across Western Canada. The Company conducts its operations in British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan. In addition to conventional drilling, the Company offers pad and other purpose-built drilling rigs and is active in directional, horizontal and under balanced drilling providing drilling services to a range of independent and multinational oil and gas companies. The Company has ownership in 35 drilling rigs in all depth ranges. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's fleet included 20 pad drilling rigs. Of the Company's 20 pad rigs, 13 are focused on drilling projects that are associated with the development of heavy oil. In addition to pad drilling for heavy oil and natural gas, the Company owns one pad rig that is drilling potash opportunities. It also operates a pad rig that it constructed and sold to a customer to drill potash resources. 	AKITA Drilling Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	768	November 3, 1992
BOS	AirBoss of America Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the manufacture of rubber-based products to resource, military, automotive and industrial markets. The Company operates in three segments: Rubber Compounding, Engineered Products and Automotive. AirBoss, through its AirBoss Rubber Compounding division, is engaged in custom rubber compounding, supplying mixed rubber for use in mining, transportation, industrial rubber products, military, automotive, conveyor belting, and other products, primarily in North America. AirBoss Engineered Products Inc. (AEP) is engaged in the development and sale of Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear (CBRN) protective rubber wear for military and first response applications. AirBoss Flexible Products Co. designs, engineers and manufactures rubber and synthetic rubber products, such as bushings, dampers, boots and isolators that are used to eliminate or control undesired vibration and noise in vehicles. 	AirBoss of America Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Tires & Rubber Products	968	October 13, 1989
AKT.B	AKITA Drilling Ltd. is an oil and gas drilling contractor with drilling operations across Western Canada. The Company conducts its operations in British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan. In addition to conventional drilling, the Company offers pad and other purpose-built drilling rigs and is active in directional, horizontal and under balanced drilling providing drilling services to a range of independent and multinational oil and gas companies. The Company has ownership in 35 drilling rigs in all depth ranges. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's fleet included 20 pad drilling rigs. Of the Company's 20 pad rigs, 13 are focused on drilling projects that are associated with the development of heavy oil. In addition to pad drilling for heavy oil and natural gas, the Company owns one pad rig that is drilling potash opportunities. It also operates a pad rig that it constructed and sold to a customer to drill potash resources. 	AKITA Drilling Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	768	November 3, 1992
AGI.WT	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
AGI	Alamos Gold Inc. is a Canada-based mid-tier gold producer. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and extraction of precious metals. It is engaged in the exploration and development activities in Mexico, Turkey and the United States. It owns and operates the Mulatos mine in Mexico and holds the mineral rights to the Salamandra group of concessions in the State of Sonora, Mexico, which includes several satellite gold occurrences. It also owns the Agi Dagi, Kirazli and Camyurt gold development projects in Turkey. Agi Dagi and Kirazli gold development projects are located in Canakkale Province, Turkey. The Camyurt project is located three kilometres southeast of the Agi Dagi project. The Company owns the Esperanza Gold Project, which is a development stage asset located in south-central Mexico in the state of Morelos. It owns a 100% interest in the Quartz Mountain Property, which is located in south-central Oregon. It operates through Carlisle Goldfields Ltd. 	Alamos Gold Inc			704	2003
ASR	Alacer Gold Corp. is an intermediate gold mining company. The Company is engaged in mining, development and exploration of mineral deposits in Turkey. The Company focuses on drilling activities of satellite oxide gold deposits under Copler District exploration program. The Company owns 80% interest in Anagold joint venture consisting of Yakuplu Southeast prospect, as well as the 50% owned Kartaltepe joint venture consisting of Yakuplu East and Bayramdere prospects. Under Copler District exploration program, a total of 14,819 meters of reverse circulation (RC) and 9,562 meters of diamond drilling is completed, which consists of 255 drilled holes of, which 146 were RC chip sampled and 109 were diamond drill cored. The Company's also owns Dursunbey project, which is located in Balikesir Province, about 370 kilometers west of Ankara and 190 kilometers to the south of Istanbul. The Company completed 34,741 meters of drilling in 276 drill holes at 50 meters and 25 meters centers. 	Alacer Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	420	
AGI.WT.A	nul	Alamos Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ADV	Alderon Iron Ore Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage company engaged in conducting iron ore evaluation activities related to its Canadian properties. The Company is focused on developing its asset, the Kami Property, which is located next to the mining towns of Wabush and Labrador City in western Labrador, Canada. The Kami Property is surrounded by two producing mines and includes 305 claims in Labrador for a total of 7,625 hectares. 	Alderon Iron Ore Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	15	March 21, 1978
AD	Alaris Royalty Corp. (Alaris) is a Canadian company that provides alternative financing to a range of private businesses in North America. The Company earns its revenues by providing capital to private businesses (Private Company Partner). Alaris provides long-term equity capital to companies for whom traditional private equity capital or debt is not typically available or attractive, namely, privately held companies whose owners want to retain long-term control of their businesses. The Company has around 12 Private Company Partners, such as LifeMark Health Limited Partnership, LMS Limited Partnership, End of the Roll Carpet & Vinyl, KMH Cardiology Limited Partnership, Solowave Design LP, Labstat International LP, Agility Health LLC, SCR Mining and Tunnelling L.P., Sequel Youth and Family Services LLC, S.M. Group International LP/Le Groupe S.M. International S.E.C., Kimco Holdings LLC and PF Growth Partners LLC. 	Alaris Royalty Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	July 15, 2009
AQN.IR	nul	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
ALC.DB	nul	Algoma Central Corp	Industrials	Marine Transportation	--	
AF	Alarmforce Industries Inc. is a Canada-based vertically integrated security alarm company. The Company designs, manufactures, installs, services and monitors a wireless two-way voice system (the AlarmVoice System) in Canada and the United States, primarily to the residential market. The AlarmVoice System facilitates live two-way voice communication between the subscriber and the Companys communications center (the Central Station) upon activation from the panel, thereby offering immediate response and assistance in event of emergencies. The Company, through its network of around 96 authorized agents and 4 franchises, provides consumers with an alarm system that alerts an intrusion has been detected and that the authorities have been dispatched. The Company also installs services and monitors a personal emergency response system (the AlarmCare System), a medical alarm system. 	AlarmForce Industries Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	157	November 16, 1988
ALC	Algoma Central Corporation owns and operates Canada's domestic fleet of vessels operating on the Great Lakes St. Lawrence Waterway. The Company operates through four segments: Domestic Dry-Bulk, which consists of Canadian flagged dry-bulk lake vessels, ship management services, and a ship repair and steel fabrication business. The dry bulk vessels operate within the Great Lakes, St. Lawrence Seaway and Atlantic Canada. The vessels are designed to carry dry-bulk products, including grain, coal and coke, iron ore, salt and aggregates; Product Tankers, which consist of Canadian flagged vessels, which operate within the Great Lakes, St. Lawrence Seaway and Atlantic Canada; Ocean Shipping, which consists of ownership of ocean-going dry-bulk self-unloading vessels and interests in other self-unloaders that trade across the world, and Real Estate segment owns and manages commercial real estate in Sault Ste. Marie, Waterloo and St. Catharines, Ontario. 	Algoma Central Corp	Industrials	Marine Transportation	2000	June 30, 1989
AQN.PR.A	nul	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AQN	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (APUC) is based in Canada and is engaged in ownership of power generation facilities and water, gas and energy utilities, through investments in securities of subsidiaries, including companies, limited partnerships and trusts. It operates in two segments: APCo, which owns or has interests in renewable energy facilities and thermal energy facilities, and Liberty Utilities, which owns and operates utilities in the United States of America providing water, wastewater and local electric distribution services. In April 2014, Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp announced the closing of the acquisition of the remaining 40% of the 400 MW wind power portfolio in the United States from Gamesa Wind US, LLC. 	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	988	August 1, 1988
AQN.PR.D	nul	Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AXR	Alexco Resource Corp. (Alexco) is a mining company. The Company operates two businesses: a mining business, comprising mineral exploration and mine development and operation in Canada, primarily in Yukon Territory, and through its Alexco Environmental Group (AEG), an environmental services business, providing consulting, remediation solutions and project management services in respect of environmental permitting and compliance and site remediation, in Canada, the United States and elsewhere. Its principal mining business activities are being carried out within the Keno Hill District in Yukon Territory. The Keno Hill District (the District) is a storied silver mining region in Canada, encompassing over 35 former mines that produced variously, with published information from the Yukon Government's Minfile database reporting more than 217 million ounces of silver produced at average grades of approximately 40.5 ounces per ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc. 	Alexco Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	66	December 28, 2007
AQX.A	Alignvest Acquisition Corp is a Canada-based investment shell company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of one or more businesses or assets through the merger, amalgamation, arrangement, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase and reorganization or any other similar business combination. Furthermore, the Company intends to focus its search for target businesses that operate in North America and Canada in a range of sectors. 	Alignvest Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 11, 2015
AQX.WT	nul	Alignvest Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ATD.A	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. is a convenience store company. The Company operates convenience stores in the United States, Europe and Canada. It is involved in the sale of goods for immediate consumption, road transportation fuel and other products through corporate stores and franchise operations. It operates convenience store and road transportation fuel retailing chain through brands, including Circle K, Statoil, Kangaroo Express, Couche-Tard and Mac's. Its network consists of approximately 8,006 convenience stores across North America, including over 6,579 stores offering road transportation fuel. Its North-American network consists of over 15 business units, including 11 in the United States covering approximately 41 states and over four in Canada. In Europe, it operates a retail network across Scandinavia (Norway, Sweden and Denmark), Poland, the Baltics (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) and Russia. 	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	80000	July 4, 1994
ABK.A	Allbanc Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company holds a portfolio of common shares (the portfolio shares) of Bank of Montreal, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Royal Bank of Canada and The Toronto-Dominion Bank (collectively, the Banks) in order to generate fixed cumulative preferential distributions for the holders of the Company's Class C preferred shares (the preferred shares) while providing the holders of the Class A capital shares (the capital shares') with a leveraged investment, the value of which is linked to the changes in the market price of the portfolio shares. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. owns 100% of the issued and outstanding Class S Shares of the Company. 	AllBanc Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 17, 1997
ABK.PR.C	nul	AllBanc Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ATD.B	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. is a convenience store company. The Company operates convenience stores in the United States, Europe and Canada. It is involved in the sale of goods for immediate consumption, road transportation fuel and other products through corporate stores and franchise operations. It operates convenience store and road transportation fuel retailing chain through brands, including Circle K, Statoil, Kangaroo Express, Couche-Tard and Mac's. Its network consists of approximately 8,006 convenience stores across North America, including over 6,579 stores offering road transportation fuel. Its North-American network consists of over 15 business units, including 11 in the United States covering approximately 41 states and over four in Canada. In Europe, it operates a retail network across Scandinavia (Norway, Sweden and Denmark), Poland, the Baltics (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) and Russia. 	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	80000	July 4, 1994
ALB.PR.C	nul	Allbanc Split Corp II	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ALB	Allbanc Split Corp. II is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company holds a portfolio (the Portfolio Shares) of common shares of Bank of Montreal, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Royal Bank of Canada and The Toronto-Dominion Bank in order to generate income for the holders of the Company's preferred shares (the Preferred Shares) and to enable the holders of the Company's capital shares (the Capital Shares) to participate in any capital appreciation in the Portfolio Shares and to benefit from any increase in the dividends payable on the Portfolio Shares. The policy of the Company is to invest in Portfolio Shares and not engage in trading except in limited circumstances, including fund retractions or redemptions of Capital Shares and Preferred Shares. The Company will sell or purchase Portfolio Shares on a pro rata basis based on the weightings of Portfolio Shares at the time of the purchase or sale. 	Allbanc Split Corp II	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	December 7, 2005
AMM	Almaden Minerals Ltd. (Almaden) is an exploration-stage company that is engaged directly in the exploration and development of exploration and evaluation properties in Canada, United States and Mexico. The Company is engaged in the business of the acquisition, exploration and when warranted, development of mineral properties. As of December 31, 2014, none of the Company's property interests were beyond exploration stage. The Company has not generated any revenues from operations. The Company has two primary property interests, both in Mexico: the Tuligtic prospect, which includes the Ixtaca zone and the El Cobre copper-gold prospect. The Company owns a 100% interest in the El Cobre project. The El Cobre project is located adjoining the Caballo Blanco project in Veracruz State, Mexico. The Company's Ixtaca deposit, the epithermal gold-silver target within the Tuligtic Property, is located approximately eight kilometers northwest of the town of San Francisco Ixtacamaxtitlan. 	Almaden Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	8	December 31, 2001
ALA	AltaGas Ltd. is a Canada-based energy infrastructure company with a focus on natural gas, power and regulated utilities. The Company operates through three segments: Gas, Power and Utilities. Gas segment serves producers in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB) and transacts over 2 billion cubic feet per day (Bcf/d) of natural gas. Gas segment includes natural gas processing, transportation, storage and natural gas marketing. Power segment includes power generation assets, power purchase agreements for power supply, and sale of power to Commercial and Industrial (C&I) customers. Power segment also includes approximately 1,285 megawatts (MW) of power generation capacity from gas-fired, coal fired, wind, biomass and run-of-river assets, along with an additional 81 MW of assets under construction. Utilities segment includes regulated natural gas distribution utilities across North America and a regulated natural gas storage utility in the United States. 	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	1542	July 1, 2010
ALA.PR.I	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
AP.UN	Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust (Allied) is a Canada-based closed-end real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is an owner, manager and developer of urban office properties. Allied has interests in various properties in Kitchener, Ontario; Toronto, Ontario, and Calgary, Alberta. The Trust operates in three geographical locations which include Eastern Canada (Montreal, Quebec City and Ottawa), Central Canada (Toronto and Kitchener) and Western Canada (Winnipeg, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver and Victoria). Its subsidiaries include Allied Properties Management Trust, Allied Properties Management Limited Partnership and Allied Properties Management GP Limited. The Trust has 50% interest in a retail property and underground parking spaces in Toronto, Ontario. 	Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
ALA.PR.A	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.B	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.U	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALA.PR.G	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
AIF	Altus Group Limited is a Canada-based provider of independent advisory services, software and data solutions to the commercial real estate industry. The Company's five core practices include: Research, Valuation and Advisory (RVA), ARGUS Software (AS), Property Tax Consulting (PTC), Cost Consulting and Project Management (CCPM) and Geomatics. Its RVA division provides commercial real estate data solutions and valuations and advisory services. It's AS division provides solutions for managing and growing commercial real estate portfolios. Its PTC division provides real estate property tax services. Its CCPM division provides services in the area of construction feasibility studies, budgeting, cost and loan monitoring and project management. Its Geomatics division provides land surveys and mapping for setting of property boundaries, route and corridor selection, land settlement, construction developments, and oil field and well-sites. 	Altus Group Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	1700	October 29, 2010
ALA.PR.E	nul	Altagas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
ALS	Altius Minerals Corporation is a Canada-based mining royalty company. The Company is engaged in the generation and acquisition of mineral resource projects, royalties and investments. It has royalty interests in 13 producing mines located across Canada. The royalty interests cover mining operations producing thermal (electrical) and metallurgical coal, potash, nickel, copper, zinc, cobalt, gold and silver. It also holds other predevelopment-stage royalty interests, including a 3% gross sales royalty (GSR) on Kami iron ore project, a 2% GSR on production from Central Mineral Belt uranium project, as well as other earlier stage royalties. It also holds equity-level interests in junior mineral exploration companies. It has agreements to acquire projects, including Natashquan River, Julienne Lake Iron Ore deposit, Moosehead gold, Taylor Brook nickel, Fosse Gold, Snelgrove Lake, Trough Iron Ore project, Grenville Alliance, Labrador West Iron Ore project and Telkwa coal project. 	Altius Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	15	March 5, 1997
AXY	Alterra Power Corp. is engaged in the ownership, operation, development and acquisition of renewable power projects. The Company operates five power plants totaling 553 megawatts (MW) of capacity, with operations in Canada and Iceland. The Company's portfolio of operating facilities include Reykjanes, which is a 100MW geothermal power generation facility in Iceland; Svartsengi, which is a 74MW geothermal power generation facility in Iceland; Toba Montrose, which includes the 145MW hydro power generation facility of Toba and 90MW hydro power generation facility of Montrose, both at British Columbia, Canada, and Dokie 1, which is a 144MW wind power generation facility at British Columbia, Canada. The Company also has construction and development projects at Jimmie Creek, Bute Inlet, Dokie 2 and Coastal wind projects, Canada; Soda Lake Solar and Shannon, the United States; Reykjanes 3-4, Eldvorp, Bulandsvirkjun and Hvala in Iceland; Mariposa, Chile, and Mensano / Roccastrada, Italy. 	Alterra Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	138	January 22, 2008
AIF.DB.A	nul	Altus Group Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
AYA	Amaya Inc., formerly Amaya Gaming Group Inc., is a Canada-based provider of technology-based solutions, products and services in the global gaming and interactive entertainment industries. The Company operates in two segments: Business-to-Consumer (B2C) and Business-to-Business (B2B). The Company's B2C business consists of the operations of Amaya Group Holdings (IOM) Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, Rational Group), which, among other things, offer online and mobile real- and play-money poker and other gaming products, including casino and sports betting (also known as sportsbook), as well as certain live poker tours and events, branded poker rooms in casinos in cities around the world and poker programming for television and online audiences. The Company's B2B business consists of the operations of certain of its subsidiaries, which offer interactive, land-based and lottery gaming solutions. 	Amaya Inc	Technology	Software	2475	February 5, 2004
HOT.UN	American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP (AHIP) is a Canada-based limited partnership company. The Company invests in hotel real estate properties primarily in the United States. The principal business of the Company is to issue units of AHIP and to acquire and hold shares of the American Hotel Income Properties REIT Inc. It operates in two segments: Oak Tree Inn or Rail Hotels and Branded Hotels. Oak Tree Inn or Rail Hotels are hotels that have railway lodging agreements. Branded Hotels are hotels that have franchise agreements. Its operating properties include around 38 hotels, which operate under AHIP's Oak Tree Inn brand. The Branded Hotels cater to corporate transient travelers and include around nine properties under a Hilton brand (Hampton Inn), nine under Marriott brands (Courtyard, Fairfield Inn & Suites, Residence Inn and Springhill Suites), four under Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) brands (Holiday Inn and Staybridge Suites) and one under a Choice brand (Sleep Inn). 	American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	October 12, 2012
USA	Americas Silver Corporation, formerly Scorpio Mining Corporation, is a Canada-based silver mining company. The Company is focused on growth in precious metals from its existing asset base and execution of focused accretive acquisitions. The Company owns and operates the Cosala Operations in Sinaloa, Mexico and the Galena Mine Complex in Idaho, the United States America. In Sinaloa, Mexico, the Company operates the 100% owned producing Nuestra Senora silver-zinc-copper-lead mine located in the Cosala District. The Cosala area land holdings also host other known deposits and prospects, including the San Rafael zinc-lead-silver project and the past-producing La Verde silver-copper mine. In Idaho, the United States of America, the Company operates the 100% owned producing Galena Complex. The Galena Complex's primary assets are the operating Galena Mine, the Coeur Mine, and the contiguous Caladay development project in the Coeur d'Alene Mining District of northern Idaho. 	Americas Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	386	May 12, 1998
ACZ.UN	American Core Sectors Dividend Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unit holders with stable monthly cash distributions and enhance long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund invests in a diversified, actively managed portfolio consisting primarily of dividend-paying securities with a focus on the United States consumer, financials, industrials and information technology sectors. The Fund invests in sectors, including financials, consumer staples, consumer discretionary, industrials, technology, healthcare, materials and telecommunication service. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) is the investment advisor of the Fund. 	American Core Sectors Dividend Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 28, 2013
ANX	Anaconda Mining Inc. is a Canada-based gold mining and mineral exploration company. The Company owns the Pine Cove mine and mill in Baie Verter, Canada and controls approximately 6,000 hectares on the Mings Bight Peninsula, which is situated within the lkarger Baie Verte Peninsula on the north-central part of Newfoundland. The Company holds mineral exploration rights to the project that cover prospective rocks of the Point Rousse ophiolite complex which is known to host Mother-Lode-Style gold mineralization. The mineralization consists of shear hosted gold associated with pyrite, as well as visible gold with minor base metal sulphides in quartz veins. The Pine Cove open pit operation has a remaining life of approximately five years. The onsite mill is a crush, ball mill and flotation circuit that produces a gold-pyrite concentrate, cyanide leach, filtration and Merrill Crowe gold recovery circuit with an average throughput of approximately 900 tons per day. 	Anaconda Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	5	July 22, 2002
ARX	ARC Resources Ltd. (ARC) is a Canada-based company engaged in acquiring, developing and holding interests in petroleum and natural gas properties and assets. The Company sells crude oil, natural gas, condensate and natural gas liquids (NGLs). The Company's properties are located at Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and within the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan or Manitoba. ARC's assets in northeast British Columbia are predominantly located in the Montney resource play. The Montney is a tight gas play in North America with both dry and liquids-rich gas, as well as a light oil fairway where ARC's Tower assets are located. ARC's holdings in northern Alberta are characterized by long-life reserves. The Pembina field produces oil. ARC's south central Alberta assets produce shallow gas and medium to light crude oil. ARC's southeast Saskatchewan and Manitoba properties produce light crude oil. 	ARC Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	502	
AXL.DB.B	nul	Anderson Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
AXL	Anderson Energy Inc. is a resource-based oil and gas development company. The Company acquires, develops and produces conventional oil and natural gas reserves. Its property includes the greater Willesden Green area, proximal to the West Pembina and Buck Lake fields. Willesden Green operations cover the 038-05W5 area approximately 130 kilometers northwest of Calgary, Alberta, to the 044-08W5 area less than 120 kilometers southwest of Edmonton, Alberta. The Willesden Green area consists of 16,153 gross acres of undeveloped land. It has an interest in 66 gross oil wells and 170 gross natural gas wells, which are producing or capable of production in the Willesden Green area. The Company is focused on drilling horizontal wells in the Cardium, Glauconite and Belly River formations that are stimulated with multi-stage fracture technology (frac or fracing) and the Company has identified 71 net locations in the Cardium, Glauconite and Belly River formations. 	Anderson Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	26	November 26, 2014
ARG	Amerigo Resources Ltd., through its subsidiary Minera Valle Central S.A. (MVC), is engaged in the production of copper and molybdenum concentrates. The MVC operation is located in Libertador Bernardo O'Higgins Region of central Chile. The site is eight kilometers east of the city of Rancagua and 90 kilometers south of Santiago. MVC has a contractual relationship with the El Teniente Division (DET) of Corporacion Nacional del Cobre de Chile (Codelco) to treat tailings from Codelco's El Teniente mine. El Teniente is an underground copper mine. 	Amerigo Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	169	January 23, 1984
ADW.B	Andrew Peller Limited, formerly Andres Wines Ltd., is a Canada-based company, which produces and markets wines. The Company has wineries in British Columbia, Ontario and Nova Scotia. Its Vintners Quality Alliance brands include Peller Estates, Trius, Hillebrand, Sandhill and Red Rooster, among others. It produces and markets premium personal winemaking products through its wholly owned subsidiary, Global Vintners Inc. (GVI), which is engaged in personal winemaking products. GVI distributes products through over 170 retailers and over 600 independent retailers across Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia and China. GVI's winemaking brands include Selection, Vintners Reserve, Island Mist, KenRidge, Cheeky Monkey, Traditional Vintage and Cellar Craft. It owns and operates over 100 independent retail locations in Ontario under The Wine Shop, Wine Country Vintners, and Wine Country Merchants store names. It produces wine-based under the brand Panama Jack. 	Andrew Peller Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	1162	April 1, 2007
ADW.A	Andrew Peller Limited, formerly Andres Wines Ltd., is a Canada-based company, which produces and markets wines. The Company has wineries in British Columbia, Ontario and Nova Scotia. Its Vintners Quality Alliance brands include Peller Estates, Trius, Hillebrand, Sandhill and Red Rooster, among others. It produces and markets premium personal winemaking products through its wholly owned subsidiary, Global Vintners Inc. (GVI), which is engaged in personal winemaking products. GVI distributes products through over 170 retailers and over 600 independent retailers across Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia and China. GVI's winemaking brands include Selection, Vintners Reserve, Island Mist, KenRidge, Cheeky Monkey, Traditional Vintage and Cellar Craft. It owns and operates over 100 independent retail locations in Ontario under The Wine Shop, Wine Country Vintners, and Wine Country Merchants store names. It produces wine-based under the brand Panama Jack. 	Andrew Peller Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	1162	April 1, 2007
APY	Anglo Pacific Group PLC (Anglo Pacific) is a United Kingdom-based company focused on royalties connected with the mining of natural resources. The Company's royalty portfolio has a commodity focus, including steel-related raw materials (coking coal, iron ore and iron sands, uranium, gold and chromite), precious metals and uranium. The Company has six producing royalties, which include Kestrel, El Valle and Carles Project, Maracas, Four Mile Uranium Project, Amapa Iron Ore Mine and Tucano. Its development royalties include Salamanca, Uranium, Spain. Its Early-stage royalties include Dugbe 1 Gold Project, Railway Deposit (Pilbara), Ring of Fire Chromite Projects and Isua Iron Ore Project. The Company owns a mineral license in the Groundhog and Peace River Coal area in British Columbia, Canada. The Company also owns a number of mining and exploration interests in coal, energy, gold, base metals and Platinum Group Metal mining projects. 	Anglo Pacific Group PLC			13	February 7, 1967
APS	Aptose Biosciences Inc. (Aptose) is a clinical stage biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in development of targeted therapies addressing unmet medical needs in oncology. The Company has product candidates in two classes of anti-cancer therapies: Small molecule program and large molecule program. The Company's group of small molecule compounds includes lead drug APTO-253 in acute myeloid leukemia (AML), myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) and other hematologic malignancies. APTO-253 is an inducer of the Kruppel-like factor 4 gene (the Klf4 Gene) for patients with advanced hematologic malignancies. Additionally, the Company has a preclinical small molecule program, APTO-500, targeting maternal embryonic leucine zipper kinase (MELK) for the treatment of various cancers. The Company's large molecule program includes a molecule to target specific cell-surface receptors expressed in certain cancers expressing the Interleukin-17E receptor (IL-17ER). 	Aptose Biosciences Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	17	November 1, 2006
AQA	Aquila Resources Inc. is engaged in exploration for and development of mineral properties. The primary asset of the Company is its 100% interest in the Back Forty Project located in Menominee County, Michigan. The Back Forty Project is an exploration-stage volcanogenic massive sulfide (VMS) deposit containing gold, zinc, lead, silver and copper located in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, United States. Back Forty Project is a poly-metallic project, which contains approximately 1 million ounces of gold and 1 billion pounds of zinc. The Company's two other exploration projects include Reef Gold Project (Reef) located in Marathon County Wisconsin and, the Bend Project (Bend) located in Taylor County, Wisconsin. Reef is a gold copper property and Bend is a volcanogenic massive sulfide occurrence containing copper and gold. At Reef Project, the Company has completed 42 diamond drill holes. The Company also has a 19.5% interest in the Kiimala and Rantasalmi projects located in Finland. 	Aquila Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 17, 1997
ARZ	Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc is a Canada-based specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, developing and commercializing products in cardiovascular, pain and other specialty areas. The Company's cardiovascular health products include Bezalip SR, Fibricor, Viskazide, Visken and Yosprala. The Company's pain management products include Cambia, Durela, Fiorinal, Fiorinal C, MT400, Treximet and Vimovo. The Company's other products include Balanse, Balanse Diaflor, Balanse Kids, Collatamp G, Iberogast, Ibsium, MoviPrep, Mutaflor, NeoVisc, Normacol, PegaLAX, Proferrin, Purfem, Resultz, Soriatane and Uracyst. The Company's product, Bezalip SR (bezafibrate), is a pan-peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (pan-PPAR) activator. The VIMOVO is the brand name for a fixed dose combination of the proton pump inhibitor (PPI) esomeprazole magnesium with the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) naproxen in a single tablet. 	Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc			12	December 2, 2015
AET.DB	nul	Argent Energy Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AET.UN	Argent Energy Trust (Argent) is an unincorporated open-ended limited purpose trust. The Trust is engaged in oil and gas exploration, development and the sale of hydrocarbons and related activities. The Trust owns, operates and manages oil and gas properties located primarily in South Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Wyoming, United States, with drilling prospects focused in the Parkman and Turner formations. The Trust has Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk Shale assets, which produce 1,054 Barrels of Oil Equivalent per Day (Boe/d) of oil and Natural gas liquids (NGL). The Gulf Coast Fields produce 2,633 boe/d of oil and NGL. The Trust's wholly owned subsidiaries include Argent Energy (Canada) Holdings Ltd. and Argent Energy (US) Holdings Inc. 	Argent Energy Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	76	January 31, 2012
AET.DB.A	nul	Argent Energy Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
RGX	Argex Titanium Inc. is a near-term producer of titanium dioxide (TiO2). The Company has developed a chemical process for the production of high-grade titanium dioxide (TiO2) to be used in paint, plastics, coatings, cosmetics, food, pharmaceutical and other TiO2 applications, and the production of iron by-products. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary, Impact Iron Mines Inc., and a 50.1% controlling interest in Canadian Titanium Limited (CTL). CTL has a specific goal to commercialize the technology developed for the production of high-purity TiO2 suitable for pigment production. The Company intends to use this technology and underlying patents through a license and royalty agreement to create a high-value product in the processing of titanium-bearing ore. 	Argex Titanium Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	25	March 17, 2005
AX.DB.U	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AEI	Arsenal Energy Inc. is an oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company operates in the United States in North Dakota and in Canada in Alberta and British Columbia with activities focused at Stanley and Lindahl in North Dakota and at Princess in Alberta. The Company produces light oil in North Dakota at Stanley and Lindahl and in Alberta at Evi, and medium oil in Alberta at Provost, Chauvin and Princess. Natural gas is produced at Desan in British Columbia and in Alberta at Chauvin, Princess and Provost. In the United States, the Company operates under its 100% indirectly owned subsidiary Arsenal Energy USA Inc. The Company has approximately eight well drilled, which include three oil wells, one gas well and four dry wells. 	Arsenal Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	33	August 3, 2000
AR	Argonaut Gold, Inc. is a Canada-based gold mining company. The Company is engaged in exploration, mine development and production activities on gold-bearing properties in Mexico and Canada. The Companys primary gold assets are the El Castillo Mine (Durango, Mexico), the La Colorada Mine (Sonora, Mexico), the exploration stage San Antonio project (State of Baja California Sur, Mexico), the exploration stage project Magino (Ontario, Canada), and the exploration-stage San Agustin project, the exploration-stage La Fortuna Project (Durango, Mexico) and gold exploration projects located in the Sonora Mojave Megashear. The Company also has several exploration stage projects, which are located in North America. El Castillo is the Companys open pit, heap leach gold mine located to the north of the state capital Durango. El Castillo consists of approximately 1.23 million ounces of proven and probable gold reserves and approximately 1.7 million ounces of measured and indicated resources. 	Argonaut Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	638	April 3, 2007
RGX.DB	nul	Argex Titanium Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
AX.PR.E	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.A	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.G	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.DB.F	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AZ	Arizona Mining Inc, formerly AZ Mining Inc., formerly Wildcat Silver Corporation, is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral property interests. The Company is focused on its Hermosa property located in Santa Cruz County, Arizona. The Hermosa property is a polymetallic mineral exploration project located southeast of Tucson, Arizona and north of the United States Mexico border. The Hermosa property encompasses two projects being the Manto Oxide project, which has silver and manganese as primary metals and the Hermosa NW project, which is primarily a sulfide deposit of zinc, lead and silver. The Company holds a majority ownership interest in the Hermosa property through its subsidiary, Arizona Minerals Inc. 	Arizona Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	14	January 20, 1975
AKG	Asanko Gold Inc. (Asanko) is a Canada-based exploration and development stage company. The Company's primary asset is its Asanko Gold Mine Project located on the Asankrangwa gold belt in Ghana. In addition to its principal project, the Company holds a portfolio of other Ghanaian gold concessions in various stages of exploration. The Asanko Gold Mine Project is located in the Amansie West district of the Ashanti region of Ghana, approximately 250 kilometer northwest of the capital Accra, and about 50 to 80 kilometer southwest of the regional capital of Kumasi. The Company is developing Asanko Gold Mine Project in two Phases. The Phase I consists of Nkran pit, which accounts for 85% of the Phase I ore reserves, and four satellite deposits, Abore, Asuadai, Dynamite Hill and Adubiaso. 	Asanko Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	175	September 23, 1999
MBB.UN	nul	Aston Hill Advantage Bond Fund			--	
AX.UN	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust (Artis) is an unincorporated closed-end real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's objective is to provide stable, reliable and tax efficient monthly cash distributions, as well as long-term appreciation in the value of Artis' units. The Company invests in retail, office and industrial assets primarily in western Canada, as well as in the Greater Toronto Area (Ontario) and selected markets in the United States. Artis' REIT portfolio includes 246 commercial properties totaling approximately 25.8 million square feet (S.F.) of gross leasable area (GLA). Artis' real estate is diversified across five Canadian provinces and six United States states, and across the office, retail and industrial asset classes. Its REIT portfolio includes Hudson's Bay Centre, Union Crossings II, Cargill R&D, Stampede Station II, Park 8Ninety, 601 Tower at Carlson, Corridor Park, Crowfoot Village, Shoppes of St. Vital and Union Crossings III, among others. 	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AX.PR.U	nul	Artis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
AV.UN	Aston Hill Advantage VIP Income Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unit holders with high, monthly, tax-advantaged cash distributions and low management fees, together with the opportunity for capital appreciation, based on the performance of the portfolio of Aston Hill AVIP Trust. Aston Hill AVIP Trust seeks to achieve its investment objectives through active asset and sector allocation and by investing in those incomes producing securities. Aston Hill AVIP Trust has exposure to a diversified portfolio of income producing securities, including income trusts, dividend paying common shares, convertible debt, preferred shares and investment grade fixed income investments. Aston Hill AVIP Trust may invest in high yield debt and special situations, being foreign equities and nondividend paying equities. The Fund is managed by Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. 	Aston Hill Advantage VIP Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AOG.UN	Aston Hill Advantage Oil & Gas Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are designed to achieve a high level of monthly distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation by investing in a diversified portfolio of oil and gas investments, including oil-and-gas dividend-paying equities and convertible debt of oil and gas producers, energy service companies and pipelines. The Fund invests in various sectors, such as derivative contracts and cash. The Fund primarily makes investments based on the performance of the portfolio of securities held by Aston Hill O&G Trust (O&G Portfolio). Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. is the Fund's manager. 	Aston Hill Advantage Oil & Gas Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 26, 2005
AHF.DB.A	nul	Aston Hill Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
AHF	Aston Hill Financial Inc. is engaged in management of investment funds. In addition, the Company's services also include high net worth investment management, institutional investment management, portfolio advisory services, oil and gas administration and other fee based investment products in Canada. The Company operates in two segments: asset management and brokerage. The Company's subsidiaries include Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. (AHAM), which is an Investment Fund Manager (IFM), which is engaged in the development, sales and management of closed end investment funds, open end funds and hedge funds; AHF Capital Partners (AHFCP), which manages and provides sub-advisory services for its funds and Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. (AHCM), which is a structured financial products company focused on creating and managing closed end investment funds. The Company also identifies potential oil and natural gas exploration and development opportunities private and public sectors. 	Aston Hill Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	June 16, 1993
ACO.X	ATCO Ltd. (ATCO) offers business solutions through companies engaged in Structures & Logistics, Utilities and Energy. ATCO operates through five segments: Structures & Logistics, Utilities, Energy, ATCO Australia and Corporate & Other. ATCO's Structures & Logistics segment has five divisions, which include Modular Structures, Logistics and Facility O&M Services, Lodging & Support Services, Emissions Management and Sustainable Communities. Its Utilities' segment activities are conducted through three regulated businesses in western and northern Canada: ATCO Gas, ATCO Electric and ATCO Pipelines. ATCO's Energy segment activities are conducted through ATCO Power and ATCO Energy Solutions. Its ATCO Australia segment comprises two business operations: ATCO Gas Australia and ATCO Power Australia. The Corporate and Other segment includes the strategic growth investments in long-term contracted electricity transmission infrastructure in Alberta and geographical expansion into Mexico. 	Atco Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	7860	August 31, 1962
VIP.UN	Aston Hill VIP Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide unitholders with the benefits of a high level monthly income, together with the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund holds a portfolio consisting of securities, including income trusts, dividend paying common shares, convertible debt, preferred shares and investment-grade fixed income investments. The investment portfolio of the Fund includes various investment categories, such as financials, foreign corporate bonds, energy, short-term notes, industrials, materials, Canadian corporate bonds, telecommunication services, information technology, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, utilities, foreign currency forward contracts and cash. The Fund is managed by Aston Hill Asset Management Inc. (the Manager), which provides management and administrative services to the Fund. 	Aston Hill VIP Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
AYM	Atalaya Mining PLC, formerly EMED Mining Public Limited, is a Cyprus-based new European copper company focused on the re-start of production at the Rio Tinto Copper Project. It comprises a number of deposits including one of the largest copper deposits in Spain and is located in the Iberian Pyrite Belt. The open-pit mine has Ore Reserves totaling approximately 600,000 tones of contained copper and a processing facility. 	Atalaya Mining PLC			--	September 17, 2004
ATA	ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in providing automation solutions. The Company provides custom automation, repeat automation, automation products and value-added services, including pre automation and after-sales services. The Company serves the automation systems' needs of various customers in industries, such as life sciences, computer and electronics, energy, transportation and consumer products. The Company has approximately 27 manufacturing facilities in Canada, the United States, Europe, Southeast Asia and China. The Company's automation products include ATS Supertrak Modular Conveyor system, ATS850 Clean Room Conveyor, Sortimat Birkman Feeder Technology, ATS Omnitrak, LogiTrack, Sortimat Clearliner, Sortimat Workliner, ATS Cortex System, ATS SmartVision software and ATS Flexsys Laser 	ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	3500	
ATP	Atlantic Power Corporation (Atlantic Power) owns and operates a fleet of power generation assets in the United States and Canada. The Company's power generation projects sell electricity to utilities and other commercial customers primarily under long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs). Atlantic Power operates through four segments: East, West, Wind and Un-allocated Corporate. The East segment includes the Company's projects in the eastern United States. The West Segment includes its power generation operations in the western United States. The Wind segment involved Atlantic Power's wind power generation operations. The Un-allocated Corporate segment includes activities that support the Company's executive and administrative offices, capital structure, costs of being a public registrant, costs to develop projects and intercompany eliminations. Atlantic Power's power generation projects have an aggregate gross electric generation capacity of approximately 2,945 megawatts. 	Atlantic Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	291	June 18, 2004
ACO.Y	ATCO Ltd. (ATCO) offers business solutions through companies engaged in Structures & Logistics, Utilities and Energy. ATCO operates through five segments: Structures & Logistics, Utilities, Energy, ATCO Australia and Corporate & Other. ATCO's Structures & Logistics segment has five divisions, which include Modular Structures, Logistics and Facility O&M Services, Lodging & Support Services, Emissions Management and Sustainable Communities. Its Utilities' segment activities are conducted through three regulated businesses in western and northern Canada: ATCO Gas, ATCO Electric and ATCO Pipelines. ATCO's Energy segment activities are conducted through ATCO Power and ATCO Energy Solutions. Its ATCO Australia segment comprises two business operations: ATCO Gas Australia and ATCO Power Australia. The Corporate and Other segment includes the strategic growth investments in long-term contracted electricity transmission infrastructure in Alberta and geographical expansion into Mexico. 	Atco Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	7860	August 31, 1962
ATP.DB.U	nul	Atlantic Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
ATH	Athabasca Oil Corporation is a Canada-based energy company focused on the exploration for, and development and production of, bitumen from oil sands in the Athabasca region of northeastern Alberta, Canada, and light oil and liquids-rich natural gas from regions in northwestern Alberta, Canada. The Company operates through two divisions: Light Oil Division and Thermal Oil Division. Light Oil Division produces light oil and liquids-rich natural gas from unconventional reservoirs utilizing horizontal drilling and multi-stage hydraulic fracturing technology. Thermal Oil Division is engaged in the exploration, development and production of bitumen from oil sands. The Company's principal properties are the Kaybob and Saxon/Placid Areas in its Light Oil Division and the Hangingstone asset in its Thermal Oil Division. The Company's other project areas include Dover West (Sands and Carbonates), Birch and Grosmont in its Thermal Oil Division and the Light Oil Exploration Areas. 	Athabasca Oil Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	325	August 23, 2006
ATP.DB.B	nul	Atlantic Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
ATP.DB.A	nul	Atlantic Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AZP.PR.A	nul	Atlantic Power Preferred Equity Ltd			--	
ATP.DB.D	nul	Atlantic Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
AZP.PR.C	nul	Atlantic Power Preferred Equity Ltd			--	
AZP.PR.B	nul	Atlantic Power Preferred Equity Ltd			--	
AI	Atrium Mortgage Investment Corporation is a Canada-based non-bank provider of residential and commercial mortgages. The Company's objectives are to provide its shareholders with stable and secure dividends and preserve shareholders' equity by lending within conservative risk parameters. The Company invests in mortgages secured by various types of residential, multi-residential and commercial real property located in Canada. The Company's mortgage portfolio consists of approximately 190 mortgage loans. The Company invests in various categories of mortgages, such as commercial or mixed use, house and apartment, low-rise residential, construction, high-rise residential, mid-rise residential and condominium corporation. The Company's properties are located in Greater Toronto Area (GTA), Non-GTA Ontario, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. 	Atrium Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	1	July 30, 2001
AI.DB.A	nul	Atrium Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
ATL	Atlatsa Resources Corporation (Atlatsa) is engaged in mining, exploration and development of platinum group metals, consisting of platinum, palladium, rhodium, ruthenium, osmium and iridium mineral deposits (PGM) located in the Bushveld Igneous Complex, South Africa. The Company has two segments: Bokoni Mine and Projects. The Bokoni Mine is an operating mine located in the Sekhukhune-land District of the Limpopo Province, approximately 80 kilometers southeast of Polokwane and 330 kilometers northeast of Johannesburg, South Africa. The Projects segment includes mining exploration in Kwanda. Atlatsa owns mineral rights (farms) covering around 37,000 hectares consisting of the Central Block, the Rietfontein Block and the Kwanda Project (collectively known as the Platreef Properties). The Company also holds a 100% indirect ownership interest in the Central Block Project through Plateau. 	Atlatsa Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 19, 1983
AI.DB	nul	Atrium Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
ORA	Aura Minerals Inc. (Aura Minerals) is a Canada-based goldcopper production company focused on the operation and development of gold and copper projects in the Americas. The Company's assets include The San Andres Gold Mine (San Andres), The Sao Francisco Gold Mine (Sao Francisco), The Aranzazu Copper Mine (Aranzazu) and The Serrote da Laje Project (Serrote). The Company owns a 100% interest in San Andres mine, an openpit heap leach gold mine located in the highlands of western Honduras. It owns a 100% interest in Sao Francisco mine, an openpit heap leach gold mine located in the State of Mato Grosso, Brazil. Its Aranzazu mine is located within the Municipality of Concepcion del Oro in the north eastern region of the State of Zacatecas, Mexico, and covers around 11,380 hectares, including the El Cobre area. Serrote is a wholly owned, developmentstage coppergoldiron project located in the centralsouthern part of the State of Alagoas, Brazil. 	Aura Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1463	April 20, 2006
AI.DB.B	nul	Atrium Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
AMI	AuRico Metals Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the metals and mining industry. The Company operates as a mining royalty and development company whose cornerstone assets include a 1.5% royalty on the Young-Davidson Gold Mine, located in Ontario, Canada, a 2% royalty on the Fosterville mine, located in Victoria, Australia, and 100% ownership of the advanced Kemess Project in British Columbia, Canada. The Company is active in Canada and Australia. 	AuRico Metals Inc.	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 7, 2015
AUE	Aureus Mining Inc. is an exploration and development-stage company. The Company is focused on gold projects in West Africa and operates in Liberia and Cameroon. Its most advanced project is the New Liberty Gold project in Liberia, which the Company intends to develop into a producing gold mine. Its other projects include Ndablama Gold Project, Weaju Gold Project, Leopard Rock, Gondoja, Koinja and Gbalidee and Silver Hills, among others. The Company operates through the Liberia development (New Liberty), Liberia exploration, Cameroon exploration and Corporate segments. The Ndablama prospect is located approximately 40 kilometers (km) north-east of the Company's New Liberty deposit. The Weaju deposit is situated 30 km east-north-east of the New Liberty Gold Project at the eastern end of the Bea Mountain ridge. Silver Hills targets are situated approximately 13 km north-east of the New Liberty Gold Project. 	Aureus Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 1, 2011
AUP	Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Aurinia) is a Canada-based is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development of its therapeutic immunomodulating drug candidate, voclosporin, which is a calcineurin inhibitor (CNI). Voclosporin is an oral drug, administered twice daily. It is structurally similar to cyclosporine A (CsA), but is chemically modified on the amino acid-1 residue. Voclosporin is used as a treatment for lupus nephritis (LN). LN is an inflammation of the kidney that if untreated or inadequately treated can lead to end-stage renal disease, the requirement for life-long dialysis, or death. The Company had completed two Phase III studies of voclosporin in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. The Company had completed a Phase IIb clinical trial of voclosporin in de novo renal transplant recipients. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Aurinia Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Aurinia Pharma Limited. 	Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	26	April 27, 2009
AUI.UN	nul	Australian Banc Capital Securities Trust			--	
APR.UN	Automotive Properties Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based company engaged in the automotive properties dealership. The Company is a real estate oriented entity which focuses on owning and acquiring primarily income-producing automotive dealership properties located in the area of Canada 	Automotive Properties Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	June 1, 2015
HRR.UN	Australian REIT Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with stable monthly cash distributions, and opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to invest in a managed portfolio consisting primarily of equity securities listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) issued by Australian real estate investment trusts and to a lesser extent, issuers principally engaged in the real estate industry in Australia. The Fund's portfolio Manager is Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. (Harvest). Macquarie Private Portfolio Management Limited (Macquarie or Portfolio Manager) acts as the portfolio manager for the Fund. 	Australian REIT Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 26, 2013
AVL	Avalon Advanced Materials Inc., formerly Avalon Rare Metals Inc., is a Canada-based mineral development company. The Company focuses on rare metals and minerals. The Company focuses on Separation Rapids Lithium Project and East Kemptville Tin-Indium Project. Its Separation Rapids property is located at Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, which consists of approximately 10 mineral claims, covering approximately 3,600 acres, including over 400 hectares mining lease over the petalite deposit and neighboring lands. The Company's East Kemptville Tin-Indium Project is located approximately 45 kilometers northeast of Yarmouth, Nova Scotia. The property consists of over four contiguous exploration licenses and a special license covering an aggregate of approximately 10,000 acres and over 880 acres. Its other projects include Lilypad Lakes Project, Miramichi project, Nechalacho Rare Earth Elements Project and Warren Township Calcium Feldspar Project. 	Avalon Advanced Materials Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 9, 2011
AEV	nul	Avenira Ltd			--	
ACQ	AutoCanada Inc. (AutoCanada) is a Canada-based multi-location automobile dealership company. The Company operates around 48 dealerships, which consists of 56 franchises that include 12 in British Columbia, 25 in Alberta, four in Saskatchewan, four in Manitoba, five in Ontario and six in other provinces, including Quebec, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. AutoCanada sells Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Fiat, Chevrolet, GMC, Buick, Cadillac, Infiniti, Nissan, Hyundai, Subaru, Mitsubishi, Audi, Volkswagen, Kia, BMW and MINI branded vehicles. The Company is engaged in new vehicle sales; used vehicle sales; parts, service and collision repair, and finance and insurance. The Company's dealerships sold approximately 57,000 vehicles and processed approximately 786,000 service and collision repair orders in its 822 service bays. 	AutoCanada Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Specialty	3400	October 29, 2009
AVP	Avcorp Industries Inc. is a Canada-based company that designs and builds airframe structures for aircraft manufacturers and to their suppliers. The Company offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers. It is a supplier for engineering design, manufacture and assembly of subassemblies and complete structures for aircraft manufacturers. It operates from two locations in Canada. The Company, located in British Columbia, offers light weight metal manufacturing and assembly. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary, is located in Ontario and offers composites manufacturing and repair. The Company's customers include BAE Systems, Boeing and Bombardier. 	Avcorp Industries Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	369	January 1, 1991
AVO	Avigilon Corporation is a Canada-based business intelligence and security solutions company. The Company develops, manufactures, markets and sells high definition (HD) and megapixel (MP) network-based video surveillance systems, video analytics and access control equipment for the global security market. The Company's offerings include end-to-end product solutions, HD IP Cameras, Network Video Recorders (NVR), Analog Video Encoders, Avigilon Control Center, Avigilon Access Control Manager (ACM) and RIALTO Analytics Appliance. Its end-to-end product solutions include HD IP cameras, video management software, access control and adaptive video analytics. The Company's products are assembled and tested at its manufacturing facility in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. The Company's subsidiaries include Avigilon Fortress Corporation, 9051112 Canada Inc., AVO USA Holding 2 Corporation, Avigilon USA Corporation and AVO USA Holding 1 Corporation. 	Avigilon Corp	Technology	Communications Equipment	1043	October 22, 2004
AXX	Axia NetMedia Corporation is a Canada-based company which owns, operates and sells services over fiber optic communications infrastructure. The Company is focused on providing its network services to customers in communities in Alberta, Massachusetts and France. In Alberta, the Company sells lit fiber services over a province-wide network to government, commercial and retail service provider customers. In Western Massachusetts, it sells lit and dark fiber services over an approximately 2,153 kilometer network to enterprise, government, and small and medium-sized businesses. It also offers fiber services to residential customers. In France, it sells lit and dark fiber services to enterprise, government, small and medium-sized businesses and residential end users. 	Axia NetMedia Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	150	
AVK	Avnel Gold Mining Limited (Avnel) is a gold mining, exploration and development company with operations in south-western Mali in West Africa. The Company's principal asset is an 80% indirect equity interest in Societe d Exploitation des Mines d Or De Kalana, S.A. (SOMIKA). SOMIKA owns a long tenure (30 years plus two 10-year extensions) exploitation permit and covers an area of approximately 387 square kilometers (km2) located in southwestern Mali (the Kalana Permit). The Company also has a 100% indirect interest in the 75 square kilometers Fougadian South Exploration Permit, through its subsidiary, Avnel Mali SARL. Its objective, through SOMIKA, is the development of Kalana Main Project by completing technical studies to demonstrate the presence of a commercially viable, bulk tonnage, open-pit gold mine. A secondary objective of it is to explore for additional gold deposits over the remainder of the Kalana and Fougadian permits. It is also a holding company for Avnel Gold, Limited. 	Avnel Gold Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	422	February 18, 2005
AZZ	Azarga Uranium Corp., formerly Powertech Uranium Corp., is an integrated uranium exploration and development company. The Company controls uranium properties located in the United States (South Dakota, Wyoming, and Colorado) and in the Kyrgyz Republic. The Company has two business segments: the Kyrgyzstan Uranium Division and the United States Uranium Division. The Company's Dewey Burdock Project, located in South Dakota, is the Company's initial development priority. The Company also owns 80% of the Kyzyl Ompul Project in the Kyrgyz Republic, the Centennial Project in Colorado, the Aladdin Deposit in Wyoming and two uranium exploration properties in Wyoming. The Company also holds investments in the following uranium exploration and development companies: Black Range Minerals Limited and Anatolia Energy Limited. 	Azarga Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	10	February 10, 1984
BAD	Badger Daylighting Ltd. (Badger) is a Canada-based company that provides non-destructive excavating services to the utility, transportation, industrial, engineering, construction and petroleum industries in Canada and the United States. The Company operates in segments, including Canada and the United States. Badger works for contractors and facility owners in the utility and petroleum industries. The Company's technology is the Badger Hydrovac, which is used primarily for safe digging in congested grounds and challenging conditions. The Badger Hydrovac uses a pressurized water stream to liquefy the soil cover, which is then removed with a vacuum system and deposited into a storage tank. Badger manufactures its truck-mounted hydrovac units. 	Badger Daylighting Ltd	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	1655	January 1, 2012
BMO.PR.L	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BTO	B2Gold Corp. (B2Gold) is a gold producer with three operating mines (two in Nicaragua and one in the Philippines), a fourth mine which entered into the commissioning and testing phase in Namibia and a portfolio of development and exploration assets in Mali, Colombia, Burkina Faso and Nicaragua. The Company operates the Libertad Mine and the Limon Mine in Nicaragua, the Masbate Mine in the Philippines and the Otjikoto Mine in Namibia. The Company has an effective 81% interest in the Kiaka gold project in Burkina Faso, a 49% interest in the Gramalote property in Colombia, and an interest in the Quebradona property in Colombia. In addition, B2Gold has 90% interest in the Fekola Project in Mali. Its subsidiaries include Philippines Gold Processing & Refining Corporation, Desarrollo Minero de Nicaragua, S.A., Triton Minera S.A., B2Gold Namibia (Pty) Ltd., Songhoi Resources SARL, Kiaka Gold SARL, Mocoa Ventures Ltd. and Minesa Nueva Esperanza S.A. 	B2Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	4587	November 30, 2006
BAR	Balmoral Resources Ltd. (Balmoral) is a Canada-based exploration stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company owns 100% interests in each of the Fenelon, N2 and Martiniere properties in Quebec. The Company owns a 49% interest in the Northshore property in Ontario along with various surface rights attached to the property. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Detour East property in Quebec, except for 18 claims for which the Company is the operator. The Company also has a 100% interest in mineral claims located east of its Fenelon project and also claims at Grasset property. Balmorals' other properties include Harri, Doigt, N1, Lac Fleuri and Jeremie. The Company also has interests in Jeremie South property, which includes Jeremie (ABE) Property, Jeremie 5 Property and Jeremie 8 Property. 	Balmoral Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
BMO.PR.M	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO	Bank of Montreal (BMO) is a financial services company. The Bank provides a range of retail banking, wealth management, and investment banking products and services. It conducts its business through three operating groups: Personal and Commercial Banking, Wealth Management and BMO Capital Markets. The Bank operates primarily in Canada and the United States. It also has operations in the United Kingdom, Europe, the Caribbean and Asia. It also serves customers through its wealth management businesses: BMO Nesbitt Burns, BMO InvestorLine, BMO Private Banking, BMO Global Asset Management and BMO Insurance. BMO Capital Markets, its investment and corporate banking and trading products division, provides a suite of financial products and services to North American and international clients. In the United States, BMO serves customers through BMO Harris Bank, based in the United States Midwest with more than two million retail, small business and commercial customers. 	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	47000	March 15, 1995
BMO.PR.Q	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO.PR.K	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO.PR.R	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BLD	Ballard Power Systems Inc. is engaged in development and commercialization of proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cell. The Company's principal business is the design, development, manufacture, sale and service of fuel cell products for a variety of applications, focusing on the telecom backup power, material handling, bus and distributed generation markets. It also offers engineering services for various fuel cell applications. It offers tools and technologies for development, optimization, integration and validation of fuel cell components, stacks and systems. It has a portfolio of commercial solutions, including fuel cell stacks, modules and systems. The Company's fuel cell stacks include FCgen-1020ACS, FCgen-1300 and FCvelocity-9SSL. Its fuel cell modules include FCvelocity-HD6. Its complete fuel cell systems include ElectraGen-ME, ElectraGen-H2 and ClearGen. 	Ballard Power Systems Inc	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	410	November 12, 2008
BMO.PR.T	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO.PR.Y	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO.PR.S	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO.PR.W	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS	The Bank of Nova Scotia (the Bank) is a Canada-based diversified financial institution. The Bank offered a range of products and services, including retail, commercial, corporate and investment banking to more than 21 million customers in more than 55 countries around the world. The Bank has four business lines: Canadian Banking, International Banking, Scotia Capital and Global Wealth Management. The Canadian Banking segment provided a range of banking and investing services to more than 7.7 million customers across Canada, through a network of 1,190 branches, 3,869 automated banking machine (ABMs), as well as telephone, Internet banking and third-party channels. International Banking includes Scotiabanks retail and commercial banking operations in more than 55 countries outside Canada. Global Wealth Management (GWM) consists of wealth management insurance and Global Transaction Banking businesses. 	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	89297	January 1, 1832
BNS.PR.B	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.A	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BMO.PR.Z	nul	Bank of Montreal	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.E	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.D	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.C	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.F	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.M	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.N	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.G	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
BNS.PR.L	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.P	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.O	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.Z	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.R	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.Q	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BNS.PR.Y	nul	Bank of Nova Scotia	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
BXS.DB.C	nul	Barclays Bank Fixed Rate Deposit Notes Series 1-28 			--	
BAN	Bannerman Resources Limited is an exploration and development company. The Company has uranium interests in Namibia. The Company's principal asset is its around 80% owned Etango Project. The Etango Project is an undeveloped uranium deposit, which is located in the Erongo uranium mining region of Namibia, which hosts the Rossing and Langer-Heinrich mines, and the Husab Project. The Etango Uranium Project is situated on the flat Namib Desert sands, around 38 kilometers East of the thriving coastal town of Swakopmund. The Etango Project area forms part of Exclusive Prospecting Licence (EPL) 3345, which is held by the Company's subsidiary, Bannerman Mining Resources (Namibia) (Pty) Ltd, to explore for nuclear fuels, including uranium, expressed as uranium oxide (U3O8). The Etango license area (EPL 3345) is approximately 500 square kilometers. The Company has completed the construction and commissioning of the Etango Heap Leach Demonstration Plant. 	Bannerman Resources Ltd			--	February 18, 2005
BNK	Bankers Petroleum Ltd. (Bankers) is a Canada-based oil exploration and production company with a focus on petroleum assets in Albania. The Company generates all of its oil revenue from its operations in Albania, which is located northwest of Greece in South Eastern Europe. Bankers operate and have the full rights to develop the Patos-Marinza and Kucova oilfields in Albania pursuant to License Agreements with the Albanian National Agency for Natural Resources (AKBN) and Petroleum Agreements with Albpetrol Sh.A (Albpetrol), the state-owned oil and Gas Corporation. The Patos-Marinza oilfield is an onshore oilfield in continental Europe, holding approximately 5.1 billion barrels of Oil Initially in Place (OIIP). The Company also has exclusive rights to exploration Block F (adjacent to the Patos-Marinza oilfield), a 158,000 acre oil and gas prone exploration field. 	Bankers Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	480	August 11, 1983
BAA	Banro Corporation (Banro) is a gold mining company. The Company holds a 100% interest in its four gold properties (Twangiza, Namoya, Lugushwa and Kamituga) through four Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) subsidiaries. The Company is focused on production from the Twangiza gold mine in the DRC. Namoya is engaged in gold production. The Company is engaged in the development of two additional wholly owned gold projects, Lugushwa and Kamituga. The four projects are located along the Twangiza-Namoya gold belt in the South Kivu and Maniema provinces of the DRC. Its properties, totaling approximately 2,612 square kilometers, are covered by a total of 13 exploitation permits (or mining licenses). The Company also holds, through its DRC subsidiary (Banro Congo Mining S.A.), 14 exploration permits covering an aggregate of 2,638 square kilometers, including 10 of which are located in the vicinity of its Twangiza property and four are located in the vicinity of the Namoya property. 	Banro Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1610	April 2, 2004
BCE.PR.A	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.C	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE	BCE Inc. is a communications company. The Company provides residential, business and wholesale customers with a range of solutions to all their communications needs, including wireless, high-speed Internet, Internet protocol television (IPTV) and satellite TV, business Internet protocol (IP) broadband, and information and communications technology (ICT) services. The Companys segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. The Company's Bell Wireless segment provides wireless services that are available to virtually all of the Canadian population. The Bell Wireline segment includes voice and data network; high-speed fiber deployment, and bell direct to home (DTH) satellite television service. The Company's Bell Media segment offers specialty and pay television, radio, digital media and out-of-home advertising. The Company, through Bell media, operates approximately 110 radio stations in over 50 markets across Canada. 	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	49968	August 1, 2004
BCE.PR.E	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.D	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.G	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.F	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.B	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.H	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.J	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.I	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.R	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.K	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.T	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.M	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.Q	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.O	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.Z	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BCE.PR.S	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
BLU	BELLUS Health Inc. is engaged in developing drugs for rare diseases starting with conditions that affect the kidneys. The Company's lead program is KIACTA, a drug candidate in a Phase III Confirmatory Study for the treatment of AA amyloidosis, a rare disease resulting in renal dysfunction that often leads to dialysis and death. KIACTA is also being developed as a treatment in a second indication called sarcoidosis, a rare inflammatory condition that affects the lungs. In addition, the Company is developing Shigamab, an antibody treatment for Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome caused by Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (sHUS). sHUS often leads to dialysis, chronic kidney disease and in some cases death, particularly in children. Its pipeline also includes a research-stage project for the treatment of AL amyloidosis, a rare disease in which amyloid protein builds up and causes dysfunction in various parts of the body. 	BELLUS Health Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	9	April 12, 2012
BYL	Baylin Technologies Inc. is a global technology company. The Company is engaged in designing, producing and supplying antennas for the mobile, broadband and wireless infrastructure industries. The Company operates in North America, Europe and East Asia. In mobile sector, the Company's customers include Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. In broadband sector, the company offers its products to Cisco Systems, Inc., Motorola Solutions Inc., Nokia Solutions and Networks, and SpiderCloud Wireless, Inc., among others. The Company offers its wireless infrastructure services to AT&T Inc., Verizon Wireless, Vodafone Limited and American Tower Corporation, among others. 	Baylin Technologies Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	718	September 24, 2013
BCE.PR.Y	nul	Bce Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
ABX	Barrick Gold Corporation (Barrick) is a gold mining company. The Company is engaged in the production and sale of gold and copper, as well as related activities, such as exploration and mine development. The Company operates in segments: eight individual gold mines, Acacia and Pascua-Lama project. The remaining operating segments have been grouped into two other categories: its remaining gold mines and its two copper mines. The Company sells its production in the world market through the distribution channels: gold bullion is sold in the gold spot market; gold and copper concentrate is sold to independent smelting companies, and copper cathode is sold to various manufacturers and traders. The Company has 14 producing gold mines, located in Canada, the United States, Peru, Argentina, Australia, the Dominican Republic and Papua New Guinea. It also holds a 63.9% equity interest in Acacia Mining plc (Acacia) that owns gold mines and exploration properties in Africa. 	Barrick Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	March 10, 1995
BSX	Belo Sun Mining Corp. is a mineral exploration company. The Company's properties are in Brazil, including its project, the Volta Grande Gold Project in Para State. Its other properties include Patrocinio Gold Project in Para State and the Rainbow Alexandrite Project in Goias State. The 100% owned Volta Grande Gold Project is an advanced-stage exploration project located approximately 60 kilometers southwest of the town of Altamira in the northern region of Para State. The Volta Grande Project's proven reserves total approximately 41,757,000 tons grading 1.07 grams per ton gold for 1,442,000 ounces of contained gold and probable reserves comprises approximately 74,212,000 tons grading 0.98 grams per ton gold for 2,346,000 ounces of contained gold. 	Belo Sun Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
BTE	Baytex Energy Corp. (Baytex), through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the business of acquiring, developing, exploiting and holding interests in petroleum and natural gas properties and related assets in Canada (primarily in the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan) and in the United States (primarily in the state of Texas). The Company's crude oil and natural gas operations are organized into three business units: Central; Lloydminster; and United States. Each business unit has a portfolio of mineral leases, operated and non-operated properties and development prospects. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include include Baytex Energy Ltd., which is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas exploration, exploitation, development, acquisition and production in Canada, and Baytex Energy USA, Inc., which is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas exploration, exploitation, development, acquisition and production in the United States. 	Baytex Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	229	October 22, 2010
BEK.B	The Becker Milk Company Limited (Beckers) is a Canada-based company engaged in owning and managing retail commercial properties. The Company owns and manages approximately 66 retail commercial properties. The Company's properties are located in Metro Toronto and other areas of Southern Ontario. The Company's properties are primarily single store sites with a few multi-store plazas. The residential sites are made up of apartments above the retail commercial sites. The Company has leased 81 retail stores and three residential sites to third parties; 57 of Beckers' 66 sites were leased to Mac's Convenience Stores Inc. (Mac's). The Company's remaining 24 retail sites were leased to other tenants. 	Becker Milk Co Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	5	May 1, 1988
BXE	Bellatrix Exploration Ltd. is an intermediate energy producer focused on exploration and development of light oil and liquids-rich natural gas opportunities in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. The Company develops its two core resource plays, the Cardium and the Notikewin/Falher intervals in Western Canada. The Company has a joint venture (the Daewoo and Devonian Partnership) with Daewoo International Corporation (Daewoo) and Devonian Natural Resources Private Equity Fund (Devonian) in the Baptiste area of West-Central 3 Alberta. The Company also has a joint venture (the Troika Joint Venture) with TCA Energy Ltd. (TCA) in the Ferrier Cardium area of West-Central Alberta. 	Bellatrix Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	100	November 1, 2009
BNG	Bengal Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company has its producing and prospective light oil-weighted assets in Australia and India. The Company's core Australian assets include Cuisinier (Barta Permit PL 303) and Tookoonooka, which are situated within an area of the Basin. The Company's Barta Permit (part of ATP 752) is situated near oil producing Cook Oil Field and connected through pipelines. Toookoonooka is situated in the Eastern Flank of the Cooper Basin. The Company has approximately 38% working interest in Wompi. The Company has a 30% working interest in 233,000 acres (946 square kilometers) situated in the Cauvery Basin, onshore India. 	Bengal Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	May 13, 1996
BIG.D	nul	Big 8 Split Inc			--	
BIG.PR.D	nul	Big 8 Split Inc			--	
BIR.PR.C	nul	Birchcliff Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
BX	BIOX Corporation (BIOX) is a Canada-based renewable energy company that designed, built, owns and operates a 67 million liter per annum nameplate capacity biodiesel production facility in Hamilton, Ontario Canada. The Company produces and sells biodiesel as well as bioheavies and technical grade glycerin, which are by-products of the production of biodiesel. The Companys production process converts both triglycerides and free fatty acids (FFA) in a two-step, single-phase, continuous process at atmospheric pressures in near ambient temperatures into methyl esters. The Company utilizes a variety of feedstocks ranging from pure seed oils to animal fats to recovered vegetable oils, animal fats, used cooking oils, corn oil from ethanol production or crude palm oil. The Companys Hamilton facility processes free fatty acid or FFA such as animal fats or tallows, yellow grease, and a variety of pure seed oil feedstocks including soy bean oil and canola. 	BIOX Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	35	October 1, 2013
BBO.PR.A	nul	Big Bank Big Oil Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
BDT	Bird Construction Inc. (Bird) operates as a general contractor in the Canadian construction market. The Company focuses primarily on projects in the industrial, commercial and institutional sectors of the general contracting industry. In the industrial sector, Bird constructs industrial buildings and performs civil construction operations, including site preparation, concrete foundations, underground piping and earthwork for clients primarily operating in the oil and gas and mining businesses. In the commercial sector, Bird's operations include construction and renovation of shopping malls, big box stores, office buildings and selected high rise condominiums and apartments. In the institutional sector, Bird constructs hospitals, schools, prisons, courthouses, government buildings and retirement facilities. The Company operates offices St. John's, Halifax, Saint John, Wabush, Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg, Calgary, Edmonton, St. Albert and Vancouver, Canada. 	Bird Construction Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	787	March 5, 2010
BIR	Birchcliff Energy Ltd. is an intermediate oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in business of exploring for, developing and producing oil and natural gas resources in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin with operations concentrated within its one core area, the Peace River Arch of Alberta. As of 2014, Birchcliff drilled 57 wells, consisting of 37 natural gas wells and 20 oil wells. The natural gas wells are all Montney/Doig horizontal wells. The oil wells included four Montney/Doig horizontal oil wells, 11 (Worsley Charlie Lake horizontal light oil wells, one Progress Charlie Lake horizontal light oil well, three Halfway horizontal light oil wells and one Upper Doig horizontal light oil well. As of December 31, 2014, Birchcliff had a working interest in 11 gas plants, four of which were wholly owned and five of which are operated by the Company, and a working interest in two oil batteries, one of which is wholly owned and operated by the Company. 	Birchcliff Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	157	May 31, 2005
BIR.PR.A	nul	Birchcliff Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
BDI	Black Diamond Group Limited is a provider of remote workforce accommodations, modular space solutions and oilfield products and services in Canada, the United States and Australia. The Company provides its products and services to a range of industries, including oil, natural gas, mining, power, construction, engineering, military, Government and education. It operates in four segments: Black Diamond Structures, Black Diamond Logistics, Black Diamond Energy Services and Black Diamond International. Black Diamond Structures rents and sells remote workforce housing and modular workspace solutions and provides associated services. Black Diamond Logistics provides lodging services, remote facility management and supply chain solutions and Black Diamond Energy Services rents and sells a complement of oilfield equipment and services. Black Diamond International rents and sells remote workforce housing and modular workspace solutions and provides associated services outside of North America. 	Black Diamond Group Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	189	October 7, 2009
BBO	Big Bank Big Oil Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Company has been created to provide investors with an investment in Canadian banks, and oil and gas companies utilizing a split share structure on a low cost basis. The Company invests on an equal-weighted basis in two of Canada's industry sectors: the big six banks (Big Banks), and the 10 biggest Canadian oil and gas companies (Big Oils), based on market capitalization. The Company also invests in cash and cash equivalents in the securities of various exchange-traded funds managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited (BlackRock Canada). The Company also engages in securities lending transactions. The manager of the Company is BlackRock Canada and its investment sub-advisor is BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. 	Big Bank Big Oil Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	April 27, 2006
BR	Big Rock Brewery Inc. is a producer, marketer and distributor of craft beers and a producer of cider in Canada. The Company has sales and distribution facilities in Calgary and Edmonton, sales staff resident in Alberta, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and an agency arrangement for product sales in Ontario. Its products are sold in six provinces and two territories in Canada and also exported to Korea. It has a family of ten permanent ales and lagers, the Rock Creek series of craft ciders, and a range of seasonal and limited-edition beers. Its Signature Series beers include Dunkelweizen, Fowl Mouth ESB and Grasshopper, among others. Its Alchemist Edition beer includes Birch Bark Canadian Imperial Stout. Its Brewmaster's Edition beers include Abandoned Abbey and Dead Reckoning, among others. Its Cider Series includes Rock Creek Black Currant Cider, Rock Creek Dry Cider and Rock Creek Pear Cider. It Pull Tab Series includes Alberta Genuine Draft and Alberta Genuine Draft Light. 	Big Rock Brewery Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Brewers	124	November 18, 2002
BB.DB.U	nul	BlackBerry Ltd	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	--	
BKI	Black Iron Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of ferrous metals. The Company is engaged in exploring and developing ferrous metals in the Shymanivske project located in Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine. The Shymanivske project contains 646 million tons measured and indicated resources grading 31.6% iron and 188 million tons inferred resources grading 30.1% iron. 	Black Iron Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	16	June 29, 2010
PXX	BlackPearl Resources Inc. (BlackPearl) is an oil and natural gas company, engaged in the exploration for, and the acquisition, development and production of, oil and natural gas. Its core properties include Onion Lake, Saskatchewan, which is a conventional heavy oil property with a thermal enhanced oil recovery project under construction; Mooney, Alberta, which is a conventional heavy oil property using horizontal drilling and alkali, surfactant, polymer flooding, and Blackrod, Alberta, which is a bitumen property located in the Athabasca oil sands region using the Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) recovery process. It holds working interests, ranging from 50% to 100%, in approximately 14 net sections of land (8,960 net acres) in Onion Lake. It has a 100% working interest in approximately 95 sections (61,280 acres) in the Mooney field. Blackrod is a 100% owned in situ (SAGD) oil sands project. Its other properties include Fishing Lake, Reita Lake, Portage, Salt Lake and Unity. 	Blackpearl Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	34	January 1, 2010
BB	BlackBerry Limited (BlackBerry) is a provider of mobile communications and services. The Company is engaged primarily in the provision of the BlackBerry wireless solution, consisting of smartphones, service and software. The Company's four areas of business are Devices business, Enterprise Services, BlackBerry Technology Solutions (BTS) business and Messaging. The Company's Devices business is focused on delivering smartphone products. BlackBerry's Enterprise Services business offers enterprise products and services. The Company's BTS business consists of five units: QNX Software Systems Limited (QNX), Certicom, Paratek, the BlackBerry Internet of Things (IoT) Platform, and Intellectual Property and Patent Licensing (IPPL). The Company's Messaging business is engaged in providing BlackBerry Messenger (BBM), the Company's instant mobile to mobile private messaging service. The Company offers a portfolio of smartphone products to both the enterprise and consumer markets. 	BlackBerry	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	6225	July 3, 1984
BLB.UN	Bloom Select Income Fund is a closed-end investment fund. Investment Objectives of the Fund are to provide Unitholders with an investment in an actively managed portfolio consisting of Canadian equity securities that exhibit low volatility at the time of investment, monthly cash distributions that have a component of Canadian eligible dividends, and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund may engage in securities lending. The Fund invests in a range of sectors, such as consumer discretionary, energy infrastructure, financial services, consumer staples, oil and gas, information technology and real estate, among others. Bloom Investment Counsel, Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Bloom Select Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 22, 2012
ZDV	nul	BMO Canadian Dividend ETF			--	
ZAG	nul	BMO Aggregate Bond Index ETF			--	
ZWA	nul	BMO Covered Call DJIA Hedged to CAD ETF			--	
ZWB	nul	BMO Covered Call Canadian Banks ETF			--	
ZDJ	nul	BMO DJIA Hedged to CAD Index ETF			--	
ZDB	nul	BMO Discount Bond Index ETF			--	
ZCH	nul	BMO China Equity Index ETF			--	
ZWU	nul	BMO Covered Call Utilities ETF			--	
BUA.UN	nul	Bloom U.S. Income & Growth Fund			--	
RBN.UN	Blue Ribbon Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Trust aims to provide a high level of monthly distributions and the opportunity to participate in capital gains by managing a portfolio of publicly listed or traded securities, including income trusts, royalty trusts, real estate investment trusts, common shares, preferred securities and debt instruments. Bloom Investment Counsel, Inc. is the investment manager of the Trust. 	Blue Ribbon Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	3	July 11, 1997
ZEF	nul	BMO Emerging Markets Bond Hedged To Cad Index Etf			--	
ZUB	nul	BMO Equal Weight U.S. Banks Hgd to CAD Index ETF			--	
ZUH	nul	BMO Equal Weight US Health Care Hgd to CAD Idx ETF			--	
ZWE	nul	BMO Europe High Dividend Cov Call Hgd to CAD ETF			--	
ZBK	nul	BMO Equal Weight US Banks Index ETF			--	
ZRE	nul	BMO Equal Weight REITs Index ETF			--	
ZUT	nul	BMO Equal Weight Utilities Index ETF			--	
ZEL	nul	BMO Equity Linked Corporate Bond ETF			--	
ZFH	nul	BMO Floating Rate High Yield ETF			--	
ZGI	nul	BMO Global Infrastructure Index ETF			--	
ZHY	nul	BMO High Yield US Corp Bond Hed to CAD Index ETF			--	
ZID	nul	BMO India Equity Index ETF			--	
ZDI	nul	BMO International Dividend ETF			--	
ZDH	nul	BMO International Dividend Hedged to CAD ETF			--	
ZJN	nul	Bmo Junior Gas Index Etf			--	
ZPR	nul	BMO Laddered Preferred Share Index ETF			--	
ZJG	BMO Junior Gold Index ETF (the Fund) invests in the equity securities of gold mining companies. The Fund seeks to replicate, to the extent possible, the performance of a junior gold companies index, net of expenses. It seeks to replicate the performance of the Dow Jones North America Select Junior Gold Index. The Fund invests in and holds the constituent securities in the same proportion as they are reflected in the Index. The Dow Jones North America Select Junior Gold Index is a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that tracks the securities that are classified on the Industry Classification Benchmark as gold mining and that possess float-adjusted market values that are between certain established thresholds. BMO Asset Management Inc. (BMO Asset Management) is a manager of the Fund. 	BMO Junior Gold Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ZLC	nul	BMO Long Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
ZJO	nul	BMO Junior Oil Index ETF			--	
ZFL	nul	Bmo Long Federal Bond Index Etf			--	
ZPL	nul	BMO Long Provincial Bond Index ETF			--	
ZLI	nul	BMO Low Volatility International Equity Hedged to CAD ETF			--	
ZCM	nul	Bmo Mid Corporate Bond Index Etf			--	
ZLH	nul	BMO Low Volatility US Equity Hedged to CAD ETF			--	
ZLD	nul	BMO Low Volatility International Equity Hedged to CAD ETF			--	
ZLU.U	nul	BMO Low Volatility US Equity ETF			--	
ZLU	nul	BMO Low Volatility US Equity ETF			--	
ZFM	nul	BMO Mid Federal Bond Index ETF			--	
ZMP	nul	BMO Mid Provincial Bond Index ETF			--	
ZLB	nul	BMO Low Volatility Canadian Equity ETF			--	
ZMU	nul	BMO Mid-Term US IG Corp Bond Hdg to CAD Index ETF			--	
ZGQ	nul	BMO MSCI All Country World High Quality Index ETF			--	
ZEA	nul	BMO MSCI EAFE Index ETF			--	
ZEQ	nul	BMO MSCI Europe High Quality Hedged to CAD Inx ETF			--	
ZIC.U	nul	BMO Mid-Term US IG Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
ZDM	nul	BMO MSCI EAFE Hedged to CAD Index ETF			--	
ZUQ	nul	BMO MSCI USA High Quality Index ETF			--	
ZEM	nul	BMO MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF			--	
ZIC	nul	BMO Mid-Term US IG Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
ZMI	nul	BMO Monthly Income ETF			--	
ZQQ	nul	BMO NASDAQ 100 Equity Hedged to CAD Idx ETF			--	
ZRR	nul	Bmo Real Return Bond Index Etf			--	
ZEO	nul	BMO S&P/TSX Equal Weight Oil & Gas Index ETF			--	
ZEB	nul	BMO S&P/TSX Equal Weight Banks Index ETF			--	
ZMT	nul	BMO S&P/TSX EW Gbl Base Metals Hdg to CAD Idx ETF			--	
ZUE	nul	BMO S&P 500 Hedged to CAD Index ETF			--	
ZGD	nul	BMO S&P/TSX Equal Weight Global Gold Index ETF			--	
ZIN	nul	BMO S&P/TSX Equal Weight Industrials Index ETF			--	
ZCN	nul	BMO S&P/TSX Capped Composite Index ETF			--	
ZSP.U	nul	BMO S&P 500 Index ETF			--	
ZSP	nul	BMO S&P 500 Index ETF			--	
ZFS	nul	BMO Short Federal Bond Index ETF			--	
ZCS	nul	BMO Short Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
ZSU	nul	BMO Short-Term US IG Corp Bond Hgd to CAD Inx ETF			--	
ZPS	nul	BMO Short Provincial Bond Index ETF			--	
ZPW	nul	BMO US Put Write ETF			--	
ZWH.U	nul	BMO US High Dividend Covered Call ETF			--	
ZWH	nul	BMO US High Dividend Covered Call ETF			--	
ZDY.U	nul	BMO US Dividend ETF			--	
ZDY	nul	BMO US Dividend ETF			--	
ZPW.U	nul	BMO US Put Write ETF			--	
ZUD	nul	BMO US Dividend Hedged to CAD ETF			--	
BKX	BNK Petroleum Inc. (BNK) is an international energy company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development, production and marketing of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Through various affiliates and subsidiaries, the Company owns and operates shale oil and gas properties and concessions in the United States, Poland and Spain. In the United States, BNK has working interests in approximately 14,700 net acres of shale oil acreage in the Caney / Upper Sycamore formations of the Tishomingo Field, in the Ardmore Basin, Oklahoma. At December 31, 2013, the Companys proved plus probable gross reserves in the Tishomingo Field were estimated at approximately 15.5 million barrel of oil equivalent (boe), and proved plus probable plus possible gross reserves were estimated at approximately 40.9 million boe. In Europe, the Company has a total of over one million net acres consisting of five concessions in Poland and Spain. 	BNK Petroleum Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	37	May 26, 2008
ZST	nul	BMO Ultra Short-Term Bond ETF			--	
GBT	BMTC Group Inc. (BMTC) is a Canada-based holding company. Through its subsidiaries, ATBM Group Inc. (including Brault & Martineau division and EconoMax division) and Ameublements Tanguay Inc., BMTC manages and operates a furniture and household and electronic appliance retail sales network in Quebec. The Company's sales and distribution network includes 10 Brault & Martineau stores, nine Ameublements Tanguay stores, two liquidation centers, six Brault & Martineau Sleep Gallery centers and nine EconoMax stores. The network also includes two distribution and administrative centers in Montreal and Quebec City. 	BMTC Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Department Stores	2215	August 31, 1989
BSC	BNS Split Corp. II is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation, whose principal undertaking is to invest in common shares of the Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS Shares). The Company invests its funds in the Bank of Nova Scotia common shares in order to generate fixed cumulative distributions for holders of its preferred shares and to enable the holders of the Company's capital shares to participate in any capital appreciation in the portfolio shares. Scotiabanks global banking and markets division provides a range of corporate and investment banking, and capital markets products and services to clients across the world. The Companys products and services include commodities, global foreign exchange, financing, global equity, global fixed income, global transaction banking, mergers and acquisitions advisory, security services and other. 	BNS Split Corp II	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 28, 2005
BSC.PR.C	nul	BNS Split Corp II	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
BBD.PR.B	nul	Bombardier Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	--	
BBD.A	Bombardier Inc. (Bombardier) is a manufacturer of transportation equipment, including business and commercial aircraft and rail transportation equipment and systems, and is a provider of related services. The Company carries out its operations in two segments: aerospace through Bombardier Aerospace (BA) and rail transportation through Bombardier Transportation (BT). BA is engaged in the design, manufacture and support of aviation products. BT is engaged in the design, manufacture and support of rail equipment and systems, offering a range of passenger railcars, locomotives, light rail vehicles and automated people movers. Its subsidiaries include Bombardier Transportation GmbH, Bombardier Transportation (Holdings) UK Ltd., Bombardier Transportation S.A.S. and Learjet Inc. 	Bombardier Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	70900	January 2, 2013
BBD.PR.C	nul	Bombardier Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	--	
BEI.UN	Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust (Boardwalk REIT or Trust) is an open-ended real estate investment trust. The Trust is engaged in the acquisition, refurbishment, management and ownership, and where deemed appropriate the development, of multi-family residential communities within Canada. The Trust owns around 34,626 residential units within the Provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Ontario and Quebec, representing over 29 million net rentable square feet. The assets represent a portfolio of residential real estate, both from the standpoint of geographic diversification and mix of asset type, which consists of mid-sized suburban and downtown apartment buildings, and regional, mid-sized community and neighborhood residential centers located in urban markets. The assets represent a diversified portfolio of multi-family rental properties. The assets have an occupancy rate of approximately 98%. 	Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	1400	1994
BNP	Bonavista Energy Corporation (Bonavista) is an oil and natural gas company. The Company acquires, develops and holds interests in oil and natural gas properties and assets in Western Canada. Its West Central Core Area is characterized by liquids-rich natural gas and light oil resources. It includes infrastructure of over 2,800 kilometers of pipelines and 38 facilities, which are operated by Bonavista. West Central core area has approximately 1.3 million acres, containing approximately 800 of drilling locations. The average annual production in West Central Core Area is 46,796 boe per day. Its Deep Basin Core Area contains multiple vertically stacked oil and natural gas reservoirs. The Company has assembled approximately 300,000 net acres and identified 300 horizontal drilling locations in the Deep Basin Core Area. The average annual production in Deep Basin Core Area is 17,276 boe per day. Bonavista drilled approximately 130 wells within the Deep Basin and West Central Core Areas. 	Bonavista Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	338	
BNE	Bonterra Energy Corp. (Bonterra) is an oil and gas company, engaged in the exploration, acquisition, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan. The Company's development efforts are focused in the Cardium zone of the Pembina and Willesden Green fields located in west central Alberta. Bonterra operates 85% of its production with an average land working interest of 77%. Bonterra has a drilling inventory of approximately 750 net locations. The Company averaged approximately 13,195 barrels of oil equivalent (boe) per day. Its properties include the Pembina and Willesden Green Cardium fields; the Prespatou Area, and its Shaunavon Area. 	Bonterra Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	30	January 1, 2010
BBD.PR.D	nul	Bombardier Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	--	
BBD.B	Bombardier Inc. (Bombardier) is a manufacturer of transportation equipment, including business and commercial aircraft and rail transportation equipment and systems, and is a provider of related services. The Company carries out its operations in two segments: aerospace through Bombardier Aerospace (BA) and rail transportation through Bombardier Transportation (BT). BA is engaged in the design, manufacture and support of aviation products. BT is engaged in the design, manufacture and support of rail equipment and systems, offering a range of passenger railcars, locomotives, light rail vehicles and automated people movers. Its subsidiaries include Bombardier Transportation GmbH, Bombardier Transportation (Holdings) UK Ltd., Bombardier Transportation S.A.S. and Learjet Inc. 	Bombardier Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	70900	January 2, 2013
BLX	Boralex Inc. is a Canada-based power producer that develops, constructs and operates renewable energy power stations. The company operates in Canada, France and the United States an asset base with a capacity of more than 1,100 megawatt (MW), of which 940 MW are under its control. The Company operates through four segments: wind, hydroelectric, thermal and solar. The company operates a 728 MW wind power portfolio of assets in France and Canada and a 158 MW hydroelectric portfolio of assets in Quebec and British Columbia, Canada, and in the Northeastern United States. It owns two thermal power stations with a total installed capacity of 47 MW, consisting of a 35 MW wood-residue power station in Quebec and a 12 MW natural gas cogeneration power station in France. It also operates a solar power facility in France with a 5 MW installed capacity. 	Boralex Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	300	January 1, 2011
BLX.DB.A	nul	Boralex Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BXO	Boulder Energy Ltd. (Boulder) is a Canada-based junior oil and natural gas producing company. The Company operates the multi-zone Belly River pool at Brazeau in the Alberta Deep Basin. The Belly River pool property includes various Boulder-owned infrastructure to produce, process and market oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. The Company has produced approximately 7,000-8,000 barrel of oil equivalent (boe) per day, of which approximately 70% was 44 American petroleum institute (API) light oil and natural gas liquids. The Brazeau property consists of approximately 113,000 gross acres of land and over 60 horizontal wells. 	Boulder Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	December 19, 2014
BYD.UN	Boyd Group Income Fund (BGIF) is a Canada-based unincorporated, open-ended mutual fund trust. The Companys business consists of the ownership and operation of autobody/autoglass repair facilities and related services. The Company operates locations in five Canadian provinces under the trade name Boyd Autobody & Glass, as well as in 17 states in the United States under the trade names Gerber Collision & Glass, Collision Revision and Champs Collision Centers. The Company is a retail auto glass operator with locations across 29 states in the United States under the trade names Gerber Collision & Glass, Glass America, Auto Glass Services and Auto Glass Authority. The Company also operates Gerber National Claims Services (GNCS), an auto glass repair and replacement referral business with approximately 5,500 glass provider locations and 4,600 Emergency Roadside Services provider locations throughout the United States. 	Boyd Group Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	5419	
BPF.UN	Boston Pizza Royalties Income Fund (the Fund) is a limited purpose open-ended trust. The Fund is a mutual fund trust. The Fund, through the Boston Pizza Royalties Limited Partnership (the Partnership) and Boston Pizza Holdings Trust (the Trust), indirectly holds the Canadian trademarks owned by Boston Pizza International Inc. (BPI) for the operation of Boston Pizza restaurants in Canada (BP Rights 1), and the business of BPI, its affiliated entities and franchisees (Boston Pizza). The Partnership licenses the BP Rights to BPI in return for a 4% royalty of Franchise Sales of restaurants (consisting of Boston Pizza Restaurants) included in the specific royalty pool (Royalty Pool). The Royalty Pool has around 358 restaurants. 	Boston Pizza Royalties Income Fund	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	169	
BYD.DB.A	nul	Boyd Group Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
BOY.DB.A	nul	Boyuan Construction Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	
BBL.A	Brampton Brick Limited manufactures clay bricks in a range of colors, textures and sizes. The Company operates in two segments: Masonry Products and Landscape Products. Masonry Products, which includes manufacture of clay brick and a range of concrete masonry products, including stone veneer, concrete brick and block for use in residential construction and institutional, commercial and industrial building projects. Masonry Products series of product include Artiste, Vivace, Finesse and The Profile. Its Landscape Products, which include manufacture of concrete paving stones, retaining walls and garden walls, and sales of accessory products for use in residential construction and institutional, commercial and industrial building projects. Landscape Products series of product include Presidio, Hydr'eau pave, Ridgefield, Enviro Midori, Rialto and Proterra. The Company operates is eastern Canada, primarily in the provinces of Ontario and Quebec. 	Brampton Brick Ltd	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	247	1905
BOY	Boyuan Construction Group, Inc. is in the business of residential and commercial building construction, municipal infrastructure and engineering projects. The Company operates as a general contractor across China. It has projects in residential, commercial, industrial and hotels, which are located in the Yangtze River Delta, Shandong Province, and Hainan Island. It has completed approximately 40 major projects. Its projects include BanshanbandaoA34 Project, JinTianDi Tower, Fuyue Grand Hotel, Bo'ao Asian Bay Hotel-style Apartment, Blue Star International Tower, North Sea Pearl Community, Xingzhou East Lake Garden, The 1st Phase of Xiangtan Oriental Garden, Hongsha Peninsula Blue Bay Living Community, Yuehai Guanshan High-end Spa Resort, Ganzhou ShuiYinDanDi Garden and Pinghu Donghu Lvzhou Apartment. It operates in Zhejiang, Hainan, Shandong, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Hunan, Shanghai and Tianjin markets. Zhejiang Jianyou Trading Co., Ltd. is the subsidiary of the Company. 	Boyuan Construction Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	May 4, 2007
HBL.UN	Brand Leaders Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with monthly cash distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would otherwise be experienced by owning equity securities of the Brand Leaders directly. The Fund invests in a portfolio of equity securities of fifteen Brand Leaders from the Brand Leaders Investable Universe that have a market capitalization of at least $10 billion at the time of investment. The Fund's Brand Leaders include the world's top 100 rated brand companies, as recognized by Interbrand in its annual study of the global brands. Its Brand Leaders Investable Universe means those Brand Leaders that are eligible to have options written on their equity securities and where such equity securities and options are traded on a North American stock exchange. The Fund's investment manager is Highstreet Asset Management Inc. 	Brand Leaders Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
HBF.UN	Brand Leaders Plus Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with monthly cash distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would otherwise be experienced by owning Equity Securities of the Brand Leaders directly. The Fund will invest in an equally-weighted portfolio of equity securities of 20 Brand Leaders from the Brand Leaders Investable Universe that have a market capitalization of at least US$10 billion at the time of investment. Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	Brand Leaders Plus Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 26, 2014
BRB	Brick Brewing Co. Limited (Brick) is a Canada-based brewery, which produces, sells, markets and distributes packaged and draft beer under the Waterloo brand name, and value beer under the Laker, Red Baron, Red Cap and Formosa brand names. The Company also produces, sells, markets and distributes the Seagram Coolers across Canada, which includes vodka-based coolers, malt-based coolers and ciders. It is also involved in producing and packaging beer and ready-to-drink (RTD) alcoholic beverages for other customers. Brick distributes beer and RTD alcoholic beverages across Canada. Brick produces premium beer under the Waterloo brand name, which includes Dark, IPA, Amber, Pilsner and Grapefruit Radler. The Company also produces seasonal mix packs of six 473milliliter cans, which feature a specialty brew. The specialty brews have included brands, such as Kolsch, Union Mills Porter and Vanilla Porter. The Company's Laker brand names include Lager, Light, Ice, Extra Ice, Red, Strong and Honey. 	Brick Brewing Co. Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Brewers	130	February 20, 1984
BRY	Bri-Chem Corp. is a Canada-based independent wholesale supplier of drilling fluids for the oil and gas industry. The Company provides drilling fluid products, cementing, acidizing and stimulation additives throughout Canada and the United States. The Company operates through the five segments: Fluids Distribution Canada, Fluids Distribution USA, Fluids Blending & Packaging Canada, Fluids Blending & Packaging USA and other. The Company's subsidiaries include: Bri-Chem Supply Ltd., Sodium Solutions Inc., Solution Blend Service Ltd. and Bri-Corp USA, Inc. 	Bri-Chem Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	December 31, 1993
LCS	nul	Brompton Lifeco Split Corp			--	
OSP.PR.A	Brompton Oil Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Companys investment objectives for the Preferred Shares are to provide their holders with fixed cumulative preferential quarterly cash distributions in the amount of $0.1250 per Preferred Share until March 31, 2020 and to return the original issue price of $10.00 to holders on the Maturity Date. The investment objectives for the Class A Shares are to provide their holders with regular monthly non-cumulative cash distributions targeted to be $0.10 per Class A Share. The Company will invest in a portfolio of equity securities of at least 15 large capitalization North American oil and gas issuers. The Company may also invest up to 25% of the Portfolio value in equity securities of issuers operating in energy subsectors, including equipment, services, pipelines, transportation and infrastructure. Brompton Funds Limited acts as the manager and the investment manager of the Company. 	Brompton Oil Split Corp			--	December 30, 2014
BGI.UN	Brookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of units with quarterly cash distributions; maximize total return for unitholders through distributions and capital appreciation, and preserve capital. The Fund invests in a portfolio consisting of equity securities of publicly-traded global infrastructure companies that own and operate infrastructure assets. The Fund generally invests in four main infrastructure sectors: transportation, energy, communications and water. The Fund may invest in infrastructure companies organized as master limited partnerships and fixed income securities of infrastructure companies. Brookfield Investment Management Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Brookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 24, 2013
SBC.PR.A	nul	Brompton Split Banc Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
LCS.PR.A	nul	Brompton Lifeco Split Corp			--	
OSP	nul	Brompton Oil Split Corp			--	
SBC	Brompton Split Banc Corp. (the Fund) is a mutual fund corporation. The Fund's investment objectives are: to provide holders of Preferred Shares with fixed cumulative preferential quarterly cash distributions; to return the original issue price to holders of the preferred shares on the maturity date; to provide holders of Class A Shares with regular monthly cash distributions, and to provide holders of Class A Shares with the opportunity for growth in Net Asset Value per Class A Share. The Fund invests in a portfolio comprising common shares of six Canadian banks. The Fund from time to time write covered call options and cash covered put options in respect to the shares held in the portfolio to generate additional returns. The Fund's portfolio is rebalanced to adjust for changes in the market values of investments and to reflect the impact of a merger or acquisition affecting one or more of the banks. 	Brompton Split Banc Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 14, 2005
BAM.PF.B	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.A	Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (Brookfield) is a global alternative asset manager. The Company owns and operates assets with a focus on property, renewable energy, infrastructure and private equity. The Company operates in eight segments: Asset Management, property, renewable energy, infrastructure, private equity, residential development, service activities and corporate activities. Brookfield manages a range of investment funds and other entities that enable institutional and retail clients to invest in these assets. These products include publicly listed partnerships that are listed on stock exchanges, as well as private institutional partnerships that are available to accredited investors, typically pension funds, endowments and other institutional investors. The Company also manages portfolios of listed securities through a series of segregated accounts and mutual funds. 	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	30000	January 1, 2005
BAM.PF.A	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PF.C	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PF.F	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PF.D	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PF.E	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.C	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PF.H	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.B	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PF.G	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.G	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.E	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.K	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.T	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.R	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.N	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.M	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BAM.PR.X	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BOX.UN	Brookfield Canada Office Properties is a Canada-based real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company invests, develops and operates commercial office properties in Toronto, Ottawa, Calgary and Vancouver. Its commercial-property portfolio consists of interests in 27 properties. Its development portfolio consists of the Bay Adelaide East development site in Toronto and the Brookfield Place Calgary East. It also invests in ongoing maintenance and capital improvement projects. Its properties include 2 Queen Street East, Queen's Quay Terminal, Exchange Tower, Bankers Hall Retail, Suncor Energy Centre, Jean Edmonds Tower and Royal Centre, among others. It caters to the financial, government and energy sectors in the cities of Toronto, Ottawa, Calgary and Vancouver. 	Brookfield Canada Office Properties	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
BAM.PR.Z	nul	Brookfield Asset Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
BHY.UN	Brookfield High Yield Strategic Income Fund is an investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with tax advantaged quarterly cash distributions, to maximize total return to Unitholders through distributions and capital appreciation and to preserve capital. The Fund invests in the net proceeds of the Offering in a portfolio of common shares of Canadian public companies (the Common Share Portfolio). The Fund invests in arrange of sectors, including energy, telecommunications, media, leisure, healthcare, capital goods, retail, automotive, technology and electronics, and transportation, among others. Brookfield Investment Management Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Brookfield High Yield Strategic Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
BIP.PR.B	nul	Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP			--	
BIP.PR.A	nul	Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP			--	
BEP.PR.G	nul	Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BEP.UN	Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. (Brookfield Renewable) operates as a pure-play renewable power platform. The Company's segments include hydroelectric, wind and other. Brookfield Renewable operates renewable power generating assets, which include conventional hydroelectric facilities located in the United States, Canada and Brazil, and wind facilities located in the United States, Canada and Europe. Brookfield Renewable also operates two co-generation facilities. The Company owns and operates approximately 204 hydroelectric generating stations on 72 river systems and 28 wind facilities, diversified across 13 power markets in the United States, Canada, Brazil and Europe. Brookfield Renewable's portfolio, primarily hydroelectric, totals over 6,700 megawatts (MW) and produces enough electricity from renewable resources to power 3.5 million homes each year. Its subsidiaries include Alta Wind VIII LLC, Brookfield BRP Canada Corp. and Black Bear Hydro Partners, LLC, among others. 	Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BEP.PR.E	nul	Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BPO.PR.A	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BIP.UN	Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (Brookfield Infrastructure) owns and operates utilities, transport and energy businesses in North and South America, Australasia and Europe. Brookfield Infrastructure has appointed Brookfield as its Service Provider to provide certain management, administrative and advisory services for a fee under the Master Services Agreement. Brookfield owns an approximate 28.5% interest in Brookfield Infrastructure. The Company operates in three segments: Utilities, which include Regulated or contractual businesses that earn a return on their rate base; Transport, which provides transportation for freight, bulk commodities and passengers, for which it is paid an access fee, and Energy, which includes systems that provide transmission, distribution and storage services. 	Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP			--	May 29, 2007
BPO.PR.H	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.J	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.K	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.N	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BRE	Brookfield Real Estate Services Inc. is a Canada-based real estate services company. The Company provides services to real estate brokers and their agents, who practice predominantly in the residential brokerage segment of the market. The Company provides its services under the Royal LePage, Johnston & Daniel and Via Capitale brand names. The Company earns its revenue primarily by royalties derived from long-term franchise agreements. The Company has approximately 15,377 Canadian REALTORS contracted with approximately 271 Broker-Owners. They operate under approximately 302 franchise agreements from approximately 637 locations. The Company generates royalties with both fixed and variable fee components. Fixed royalty fees are based on the number of agents and fee-paying sales representatives. Variable royalty fees are primarily driven by the volume of business transacted by its agents. 	Brookfield Real Estate Services Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	2010
BPO.PR.P	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.R	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.X	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.T	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.U	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.Y	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPO.PR.W	nul	Brookfield Office Properties Inc			--	
BPS.PR.C	nul	Brookfield Property Split Corp			--	
BPY.UN	Brookfield Property Partners L.P. is a commercial property Company. The Company owns, operates and invests in office, retail, multifamily and industrial assets. The Company's operating segments include Office, Retail, Industrial, Multifamily, Hotels, Triple Net Lease, and Corporate. Triple Net Lease includes Capital Automotive Real Estate Services Inc. (CARS), which owns the real estate for more than 300 automotive dealerships across North America and leases it on a triple net lease basis. The office segment consists of interests in 244 office properties totaling 112 million square feet, which are located primarily in commercial markets, such as New York; London; Los Angeles; Washington, D.C.; Sydney; Toronto; Houston; Calgary, and Perth, among others. The retail segment consists of 164 regional malls containing 154 million square feet in the United States and Brazil. 	Brookfield Property Partners LP			--	January 3, 2013
BPS.PR.U	nul	Brookfield Property Split Corp			--	
BPS.PR.B	nul	Brookfield Property Split Corp			--	
BRF.PR.A	Brookfield Renewable Power Preferred Equity Inc. (BRP Equity) is a Canada-based company, which has no operations of its own. The Company does not have any assets or subsidiaries. BRP Equity is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. (BREP). Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. owns a portfolio of renewable power generating facilities in the United States, Canada, Brazil and Europe. 	Brookfield Renewable Power Preferred Equity Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	1208	February 10, 2010
BPS.PR.A	nul	Brookfield Property Split Corp			--	
BRF.PR.C	nul	Brookfield Renewable Power Preferred Equity Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BRF.PR.B	nul	Brookfield Renewable Power Preferred Equity Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BRF.PR.F	nul	Brookfield Renewable Power Preferred Equity Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BRF.PR.E	nul	Brookfield Renewable Power Preferred Equity Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
BSO.UN	Brookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of units (Unitholders) with quarterly cash distributions; maximize total return for Unitholders through distributions and capital appreciation, and preserve capital. The Fund invests in a portfolio comprised primarily of fixed income and equity securities on a global basis. The Fund focuses on, but is not limited to, investments in high yield corporate debt and publicly-listed equity securities of infrastructure and real estate companies. The Fund seeks to earn its returns by identifying and investing in companies whose securities are trading at risk-adjusted yields. Brookfield Investment Management (Canada) Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Brookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 24, 2014
BSE.UN	Brookfield Soundvest Equity Fund (the Fund), formerly Brookfield Soundvest Capital Management Ltd, is an investment trust. The Funds investment objectives include investing its net assets in a portfolio consisting primarily of common and preferred shares of Canadian issuers, income securities, including bonds and debentures, income trusts, real estate investment trusts (REITs), Canadian mortgage-backed securities, and cash and cash equivalents. The Fund also invests up to 20% of the value of the portfolio in any other security. It also invests up to 15% of the value of its portfolio assets in convertible securities of business income trusts or equity securities of issuers. 	Brookfield Soundvest Equity Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 1, 2010
DOO	BRP Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in design, development, manufacturing, distribution and marketing of power sports vehicles and propulsion systems. The Company has four product categories: the year-round products; the seasonal products; the propulsion systems, and parts, accessories and clothing (PAC) products. Its year-round products consist of Can-Am ATVs, recreational SSVs and Spyder roadsters. Its seasonal products consist of Ski-Doo and Lynx snowmobiles and Sea-Doo PWCs. Its propulsion systems consist of Evinrude outboard engines and Rotax engines. Its PAC products support the Company's range of product lines with replacement parts, additional product accessories and complementary clothing. The Company has global distribution network of selling products, directly or indirectly, in around 107 countries. 	BRP Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure Products	7600	June 28, 2006
GPS	BSM Technologies Inc. (BSM) is a Canada-based company engaged in the development and provision of hardware and software solutions. The Company's software and hardware solutions provide a link between its customers' operations and the systems they use to run their business. Its solutions are capable of being deployed over cellular, wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) or satellite networks. BSM's services are delivered over a network utilizing the Internet and are provided on a software as a service (SaaS) basis. BSM's solutions provide information that enables its customers monitor and manage their assets in various areas, such as telematics, fuel and maintenance, compliance, routing and scheduling, work flow management, machine to machine and system integration. Its customers operate in a range of markets, including rail, construction, utility and energy. BSM's solutions enable its customers across Canada, the United States and the world to manage their assets, both stationary and mobile. 	BSM Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	July 29, 1996
BTB.DB.D	nul	BTB Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
BTB.DB.E	nul	BTB Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
BTB.DB.F	nul	BTB Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
BSD.PR.A	nul	Brookfield Soundvest Split Trust			--	
BTB.UN	BTB Real Estate Investment Trust (BTB) is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company owns properties in eastern Canada. BTB owns and manages a portfolio of 73 commercial, industrial and office properties totaling approximately 5.1 million square feet The Companys properties are predominantly situated in and around Montreal, Quebec City and Ottawa. The Companys operating segments include commercial, office, industrial and general purpose. The Companys tenants include Societe Immobiliere du Quebec, Annie Fruit Inc., Hydro- Quebec, Germain Lariviere inc., Cornwall Warehousing Ltd., C.S.S.T. & CLSC, Groupe Aro Inc., Canada Post Corporation, Deloitte & Touche, Canadian Tire and the Lowe-Martin Group. 	BTB Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	38	September 5, 2006
BU	Burcon NutraScience Corporation (Burcon) develops plant proteins. The Company offers plant proteins, such as soy protein, pea protein and canola protein. Burcon offers soy protein under the CLARISOY brand. Its CLARISOY portfolio includes products, such as CLARISOY 100, CLARISOY 110, CLARISOY 120, CLARISOY 150, CLARISOY 170 and CLARISOY 180. The soy protein is available in three forms, such as soy flour, soy concentrates and soy protein isolates. The Company offers pea protein under the brand name Peazazz. The Peazazz pea protein is a soluble, transparent and heat stable in low pH solutions. Peazazz is suited for use in low pH beverages, and other food and beverage product applications. The Company offers canola protein isolates under the brand names Puratein, a canola protein isolate consisting globulin proteins; Supertein, a soluble canola protein isolate consisting albumin proteins, and Nutratein, a canola protein isolate consisting of a mixture of globulin and albumin proteins. 	Burcon Nutrascience Corporation	Healthcare	Biotechnology	15	November 3, 1998
BSD.UN	Brookfield Soundvest Split Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based trust with investments in a portfolio of securities. The Trust's investment objectives are to provide holders of preferred securities with fixed quarterly interest payments in the amount of $0.15 per preferred security ($0.60 per annum to yield 6% per annum on the original subscription price of $10.00) and the repayment of the original subscription price at maturity. For unitholders, the Trust's objectives are to provide holders with regular cash distributions and to maximize the long-term total return of the Trust's portfolio. The Trust invests its assets in a portfolio of securities consisting primarily of common and preferred shares of Canadian issuers, income securities, including bonds and debentures, income trusts, real estate investment trusts, Canadian mortgage-backed securities, and cash and cash equivalents. The Trust's investment advisor and portfolio manager is Brookfield Soundvest Capital Management Ltd. 	Brookfield Soundvest Split Trust			--	
BUI	Buhler Industries Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in agricultural equipment manufacturing in North America. The Company's segments include Canada, US, CIS and Other. The Company owns approximately nine manufacturing plants totaling over two million square feet of manufacturing, assembly and distribution facilities. Its factories include Morden and Winnipeg (Manitoba), Vegreville (Alberta), Fargo (North Dakota), Salem (South Dakota) and Willmar (Minnesota), which build tractors, self-propelled sprayers and other equipment. Its Winnipeg (Regent) factory offers Buhler Allied brand products. The Fargo factory supplies front-end loaders, snow blowers and accessories. The Salem factory manufactures large augers and bale carriers. The Willmar factory manufactures self-propelled and pull-type sprayers, as well as grain carts, and the Vegreville factory supplies seed and tillage equipment. It offers products under the brand names, such as VERSATILE, ALLIED and FARM KING. 	Buhler Industries Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	1006	February 1, 1994
CWL	The Caldwell Partners International Inc. is an executive search consulting company specializing in recruiting executives on behalf of its clients. The Company contracts with its clients, on an assignment basis, to provide consulting advice on the identification, evaluation, assessment and recommendation of qualified candidates for specific positions. The Company concentrates its activities on locating executives to fill senior executive positions. 	Caldwell Partners International Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	100	August 22, 1979
UDA.UN	Caldwell US Dividend Advantage Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of units (the Unitholders) with monthly cash distributions and the potential for capital appreciation and enhanced long-term risk adjusted returns. The Fund invests in an actively managed portfolio, which consists of the United States dividend-paying equity securities. The Fund invests in a portfolio of sectors, including telecommunications, consumer discretionary, asset management, technology, infrastructure, utility, mid-market lender and mortgage real estate investment trust (REIT). Caldwell Investment Management Ltd. (CIM), a wholly owned subsidiary of Caldwell Financial Ltd., is the manager, as well as portfolio manager of the Fund. 	Caldwell US Dividend Advantage Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 28, 2015
CTY	Calian Technologies Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in providing business and technology services to industry and government in the health, training, engineering and information technology (IT) services. The Company operates through two segments: Systems Engineering Division (SED), and the Business and Technology Services Division (BTS). The Company's SED division designs and manufactures complex systems for satellite manufacturers and operators, and provides satellite operations services to government and commercial clients. Additionally, the SED provides low to medium volume high-end manufacturing in the defense/security and telecommunication industries. The Company's BTS division is a professional services organization, providing management of projects, facilities and consultants in healthcare, training and engineering, and IT professional services. 	Calian Technologies Ltd	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	2400	September 27, 1982
CAE	CAE Inc. provides training for the civil aviation, defense and security, and healthcare markets. The Company designs and integrates training solutions. The Company operates through three segments: Civil Aviation Training Solutions, Defense and Security, and Healthcare. It provides integrated training solutions to three markets, such as the civil aviation market, which includes aircraft manufacturers, commercial airlines, regional airlines, business aircraft operators, civil helicopter operators, third-party training centers, flight training organizations, maintenance repair and overhaul organizations and aircraft finance leasing companies; the defense and security market, which includes defense forces, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), government agencies and public safety organizations, and the healthcare market, which includes hospital and university simulation centers, medical and nursing schools, paramedic organizations, defense forces, medical societies and OEMs. 	CAE Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	8000	April 1, 2012
CFW	Calfrac Well Services Ltd. (Calfrac) is a provider of specialized oilfield services. The Company operates in four geographical segments: Canada, the United States, Russia and Latin America. Its services include hydraulic fracturing, coiled tubing, cementing and other well stimulation services. The Canadian segment provides fracturing and coiled tubing services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in Alberta, northeast British Columbia, Saskatchewan and southwest Manitoba. The United States segment provides pressure pumping services in Arkansas, Colorado, North Dakota, Pennsylvania and Texas. The Company provides fracturing services to oil and natural gas companies in the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota and the Rockies area. The Company's Russian segment provides fracturing and coiled tubing services in conventional plays within Western Siberia. The Latin America segment provides pressure pumping services in Argentina, Mexico and Colombia. 	Calfrac Well Services Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	4900	June 28, 1999
FIC	Can-Financials Income Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Fund's investment objectives include providing shareholders with quarterly distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would be experienced by owning a portfolio of securities that comprise the Index. The Fund's portfolio is invested in the securities of the issuers comprising the securities of capitalization issuers included in the S&P/TSX composite index. The Fund focuses on sectors, which include financials, and cash, cash equivalents and others. The Fund's investment manager is First Asset Investment Management Inc. 	Can Financials Income Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 21, 2010
CAL	Caledonia Mining Corporation (Caledonia) is a Canada-based exploration, development and mining corporation focused on Southern Africa. The Company's primary exploration activities are focused on the growth and development of Blanket Mine and its satellite properties. Blanket Mine has exploration title holdings in the form of registered mining claims in the Gwanda Greenstone Belt totaling 78 claims, including a small number under option, covering properties with a total area of around 2,500 hectares. Blanket Mine's exploration activities are focused on the GG Project and the Mascot Project. The GG Project is located approximately seven kilometers southeast of Blanket Mine. The Mascot Project Area includes three sections, such as the Mascot prospect, the Penzance prospect and the Eagle Vulture prospect. 	Caledonia Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	721	March 17, 1995
CBL	Callidus Capital Corporation (Callidus) is a Canada-based company engaged in providing financing solutions for companies that are unable to obtain financing from lending institutions. The Company operates a finance business that provides senior secured asset-based loans and lending services to mid-market companies operating in Canada and the United States. The Company offers loans ranging in size from $5 million to $100 million. The Company offers a range of facilities, including revolving lines of credit, term loans, including standalone term loans; distressed lending, including debtor in possession (DIP) loans, acquisition funding out of bankruptcy, stalking horse bid funding, and growth oriented financing in support of: acquisitions, management buyouts (MBO's), inventory builds, seasonal facilities and purchase order financing. 	Callidus Capital Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	26	October 3, 2003
CF	Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. is a Canada-based independent financial services company. The Company operates in two principal segments of the securities industry: wealth management and capital markets. The Company offers investment banking services, investment products and brokerage services to the Company's institutional, corporate and private clients. Canaccord Genuity Group Inc.'s operations are divided into two business segments: Canaccord Genuity (investment banking and capital markets operations) and Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management. Canaccord Genuity offers corporations and institutional investors around the world a platform for equity research, sales and trading, and investment banking services. Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management operations provide wealth management solutions and brokerage services to individual investors, private clients, charities and intermediaries through a suite of services. The Company has offices in 10 countries across the world. 	Canaccord Genuity Group Inc	Financials	Investment Services	1858	February 14, 1997
CF.PR.C	nul	Canaccord Genuity Group Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
CCO	Cameco Corporation (Cameco) is engaged in the exploration for and the development, mining, refining, conversion, fabrication and trading of uranium for sale as fuel for generating electricity in nuclear power reactors in Canada and other countries. The Company operates through three segments: Uranium, fuel services and NUKEM. The uranium segment involves the exploration for, mining, milling, purchase and sale of uranium concentrate. The fuel services segment involves the refining, conversion and fabrication of uranium concentrate and the purchase and sale of conversion services. The NUKEM segment acts as a market intermediary between uranium producers and nuclear-electric utilities. Cameco conducts a portion of its exploration, development, mining and milling activities through joint operations located around the world. Cameco's Canadian uranium joint operation interests are McArthur River, Key Lake and Cigar Lake. 	Cameco Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	3963	January 1, 1997
CF.PR.A	nul	Canaccord Genuity Group Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
CGI	Canadian General Investments, Limited is a closed-end equity fund focused on medium to long term investments in Canadian corporations. The Fund's objective is to provide better than average returns to investors through prudent security selection, timely recognition of capital gains and appropriate income generating instruments. It invests in the sectors, such as financials, consumer discretionary, energy, industrials, materials, information technology, telecommunication services, consumer staples, utilities and health care. It participates in a securities lending program with its custodian, CIBC Mellon Trust Company. Collateral is held by the custodian as agent for the Company and generally comprises Canadian or provincial government-guaranteed securities or obligations of other governments with appropriate credit ratings, and other short-term securities. Its investment and administration activities are managed by Morgan Meighen & Associates Limited. 	Canadian General Investments Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
CGI.PR.C	nul	Canadian General Investments Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CNE	Canacol Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based production and exploration company. The Company is engaged in petroleum and natural gas exploration. The Company is also engaged in the development activities in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. The Company is engaged in the production of crude oil from its Leono, Labrador, Pantro, Tigro and Maltes fields in the Llanos Basin in Colombia; natural gas from its Nelson and Palmer fields in the Lower Magdalena Basin in Colombia; tariff oil from the Ecuador IPC, and to an extent, crude oil from its Rancho Hermoso, VMM-2 and Santa Isabel properties in Colombia. The Company is also engaged in the drilling of exploration well, Secoya Oeste, A001, located adjacent to the Libertador and Atakapa light oil fields in the Oriente Basin. 	Canacol Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	246	November 24, 2004
CPF.UN	Canadian 50 Advantaged Preferred Share Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide tax-advantaged quarterly cash distributions consisting primarily of returns of capital, and low-cost exposure to the total return approximating that of the Bank of Montreal (BMO) Capital Markets 50 Preferred Share Index. The Fund is divided into units of two classes, Class A Units and Class F Units. The Class F Units are not listed on a stock exchange but may be converted into Class A Units on a weekly basis. The Portfolio provides a total return approximating that of the BMO Capital Markets 50 Preferred Share Index and is predominantly invested in Canadian preferred share issues with a P-1 or P-2 rating from Standard & Poor's (S&P). Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. is a manager of the Fund. 	Canadian 50 Advantaged Preferred Share Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
BK.PR.A	nul	Canadian Banc Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CGI.PR.D	nul	Canadian General Investments Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CAR.UN	Canadian Apartment Properties Real Estate Investment Trust (CAPREIT) is a Canada-based is open-ended real estate investment trust. CAPREIT's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with long-term, monthly cash distributions; grow normalized funds from Operations, distributions and Unit value, acquisitions and financial management, and reinvest capital within the property portfolio. CAPREIT owns and operates a portfolio of multi-unit residential rental properties, including apartments, townhomes and manufactured home communities located in and near urban centers in Canada. CAPREIT owns interests in approximately 41,688 residential units, comprising 35,404 residential suites and 30 manufactured home communities (MHC), comprising of 6,284 land lease sites. CAPREIT owns leasehold interests in 15 properties located in the Greater Toronto Area. The leases mature between 2033 and 2037. 	Canadian Apartment Properties Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	937	
CCX	nul	Canadian Crude Oil Index ETF			--	
CCI.UN	First Asset Canadian Convertibles Fund, formerly Canadian Advantaged Convertibles Fund, is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of units with quarterly distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund's portfolio consists of convertible debentures of Canadian issuers. The Fund obtains economic exposure to the portfolio through the forward agreement. The Fund invests in a portfolio of sectors, such as financials; energy; industrials; utilities; materials; information technology; consumer discretionary; healthcare; consumer staples; cash, cash equivalents and others, and investment fund. First Asset Investment Management Inc. is the manager and investment advisor of the Fund. 	Canadian Convertibles Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 10, 2010
BK	Canadian Banc Corp. is an investment company. The Company invests in a portfolio of common shares, which include the Canadian chartered banks: Bank of Montreal, National Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Royal Bank of Canada, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. The Company also invests up to 20% of its net asset value in equity securities of Canadian or foreign financial services corporations. The Company offers two types of shares: Preferred Shares and Class A Shares. Preferred shareholders are entitled to receive regular monthly cash dividends targeted to yield a floating rate based on the prime rate in Canada plus 0.75% per annum with a minimum annual rate of 5.0% and a maximum annual rate of 7.0% based on the original issue price. Class A shareholders receive monthly cash distributions targeted at a rate of 10% annualized based on the volume weighted average market price of the Class A shares for the last three trading days of the preceding month. 	Canadian Banc Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	May 25, 2005
CAH.UN	Canadian High Yield Focus Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment fund managed by Propel Capital Corporation (the Manager). The Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with quarterly tax-advantaged distributions and capital preservation. The Fund seeks to achieve these objectives through exposure to the Portfolio. The Portfolio Manager acquires high yield bonds of Canadian issuers in the new issue and secondary markets and may invest up to 30% of the Portfolio in high yield bonds of the United States issuers. The Fund's portfolio includes real estate investment and oil and gas energy investments. 	Canadian High Yield Focus Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CIQ.UN	nul	Canadian High Income Equity Fund			--	
CEU	Canadian Energy Services & Technology Corp. (CES) is a Canada-based provider of consumable chemical solutions throughout the life-cycle of the oilfield. This includes total solutions at the drill-bit, at the point of completion and stimulation, at the wellhead and pump-jack, and through to the pipeline and midstream market. CES' designed production and specialty chemicals provide down-hole solutions for production and gathering infrastructure to maximize production and reduce costs of equipment maintenance. The Company's solutions include corrosion inhibitors, demulsifiers, H2S scavengers, paraffin control products, surfactants, scale inhibitors, biocides and other specialty products. In addition, specialty chemicals are used throughout the pipeline and midstream industry to aid in hydrocarbon movement and manage transportation and processing challenges, including corrosion, wax build-up and H2S. CES operates in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB). 	Canadian Energy Services & Technology Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	1610	November 13, 1986
CTC	Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited is a family of businesses that includes retail segment, a financial services division and CT REIT. The Company's Retail segment, which operates retail banners, including Canadian Tire, PartSource, Petroleum, Mark's and various FGL Sports banners. The CT REIT segment is engaged in owning, developing and leasing income-producing commercial properties. Its portfolio of properties consists of 273 properties located across each of the provinces and two territories of Canada totaling over 20 million square feet of gross leasable area. Its property portfolio includes Canadian Tire stores, retail developments anchored by a Canadian Tire store, Canadian Tire distribution centers, a mixed-use commercial property, and development lands. Its Financial Services segment markets a range of Canadian Tire-branded credit cards, including the Canadian Tire Options MasterCard, the Cash Advantage MasterCard, the Gas Advantage MasterCard and the Sport Chek MasterCard. 	Canadian Tire Corporation Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Specialty	11898	December 1, 1927
CNQ	Canadian Natural Resources Limited is an independent crude oil and natural gas producer. The Company's diversified, balanced resource base consists of both dry and liquids-rich natural gas, heavy crude oil, bitumen, medium and light crude oil and synthetic crude oil. Its reserves were approximately 8.89 billion barrel of oil equivalent. Its segments include North America, North Sea, Offshore Africa, Oil Sands Mining and Upgrading, and Midstream. It has a portfolio of assets with production and development of both natural gas and crude oil. North America serve as its main operations with international exposure provided through operations in the United Kingdom portion of the North Sea and Offshore Africa. 	Canadian Natural Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	7657	January 6, 1985
CTC.A	Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited is a family of businesses that includes retail segment, a financial services division and CT REIT. The Company's Retail segment, which operates retail banners, including Canadian Tire, PartSource, Petroleum, Mark's and various FGL Sports banners. The CT REIT segment is engaged in owning, developing and leasing income-producing commercial properties. Its portfolio of properties consists of 273 properties located across each of the provinces and two territories of Canada totaling over 20 million square feet of gross leasable area. Its property portfolio includes Canadian Tire stores, retail developments anchored by a Canadian Tire store, Canadian Tire distribution centers, a mixed-use commercial property, and development lands. Its Financial Services segment markets a range of Canadian Tire-branded credit cards, including the Canadian Tire Options MasterCard, the Cash Advantage MasterCard, the Gas Advantage MasterCard and the Sport Chek MasterCard. 	Canadian Tire Corporation Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Specialty	11898	December 1, 1927
CM.PR.O	nul	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
CM	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) is a Canada-based financial institution. CIBC serves its clients through three strategic business units: Retail and Business Banking, Wealth Management and Wholesale Banking. Its three main operating groups are supported by six functional groups: Technology and Operations; Corporate Development; Finance; Treasury; Administration; and Risk Management, which form part of Corporate and Other. Retail and Business Banking provides financial advice, banking, investment, and authorized insurance products and services from over 1,100 branches, mobile sales force, telephone banking, and online and mobile banking. Wealth Management provides relationship-based advisory services and a suite of investment solutions to meet the needs of institutional, retail and high net worth clients. Wholesale Banking provides a range of credit, capital market, investment banking, merchant banking and research products and services to the clients. 	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	43609	May 17, 1995
LFE	Canadian Life Companies Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company invests up to 20% of its net asset value in equity securities of foreign life insurance companies or other Canadian or foreign financial services corporations. The Company offers two types of shares, which include preferred shares and class A shares. Its preferred shares investment objective is to provide holders with fixed cumulative preferential monthly cash dividends in the amount of $0.05208 per preferred share to yield 6.25% per annum on the original issue price ($10) of the preferred shares. Its class A shares investment objective is to provide holders with such dividends as the directors of the Company may from time to time determine. In addition, the Company invests in a portfolio of common shares. Quadravest Capital Management Inc. is the manager and investment manager for the Company. 	Canadian Life Companies Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	March 3, 2005
LFE.PR.B	nul	Canadian Life Companies Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CM.PR.Q	nul	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
CM.PR.P	nul	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
CP	Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) operates a transcontinental railway in Canada and the United States (U.S.) and provides logistics and supply chain expertise. CP provides rail and intermodal transportation services over a network of approximately 13,700 miles, serving the principal business centers of Canada from Montreal, Quebec, to Vancouver, British Columbia (B.C.), and the United States Northeast and Midwest regions. The Company transports bulk commodities, merchandise freight and intermodal traffic. Bulk commodities include Canadian grain, U.S. grain, coal, potash, and fertilizers and sulphur. Merchandise freight consists of finished vehicles and automotive parts, chemicals and plastics, crude oil, forest products, and metals, minerals, and consumer products. Intermodal traffic consists of retail goods in overseas containers that can be transported by train, ship and truck and in domestic containers and trailers that can be moved by train and truck. 	Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	12899	October 1, 2001
CNR	Canadian National Railway Company (CN) is engaged in the rail and related transportation business. CN's network and connections to all Class I railroads provide its customers with access to all three North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) nations. CN derives its freight revenue from seven commodity groups representing a portfolio of goods transported between a range of origins and destinations. The Company's network of approximately 20,000 route miles of track spans Canada and mid-America, from the Atlantic and Pacific oceans to the Gulf of Mexico, serving the ports of Vancouver, Prince Rupert (British Columbia), Montreal, Halifax, New Orleans and Mobile (Alabama), and the metropolitan areas of Toronto, Buffalo, Chicago, Detroit, Duluth (Minnesota)/Superior (Wisconsin), Green Bay (Wisconsin), Minneapolis/St. Paul, Memphis, and Jackson (Mississippi), with connections to all points in North America. 	Canadian National Railway Co	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	23172	August 24, 1995
COS	Canadian Oil Sands Limited is a Canada-based investment company. The Company owns a 36.74% interest in the Syncrude Joint Venture (Syncrude), a producer of low sulphur, light, synthetic crude oil (SCO). Syncrude is involved in the mining and upgrading of bitumen from oil sands near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta. The Syncrude Project is comprised of open-pit oil sands mines, utilities plants, bitumen extraction plants and an upgrading complex that processes bitumen into SCO. Syncrude's leases are located in the Athabasca oil sands deposit. Syncrude produces SCO by mining oil sands, extracting the bitumen from the sands, upgrading the recovered bitumen into lighter oil fractions and combining those fractions into a single SCO product. 	Canadian Oil Sands Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	23	December 31, 2010
PFT.UN	CANADIAN PREFERRED SECURITIES TRUST is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Units (Unitholders) with monthly cash distributions; preserve capital and provide the opportunity for capital appreciation, and reduce the risk of rising interest rates by managing portfolio duration. The Fund invests in an actively managed portfolio, which consist of primarily of Canadian preferred shares (the Portfolio). The Fund invests in various sectors, which include energy, real estate, utilities, industrials, telecommunication, consumer staple and financial services. The Fund not invests in or hold securities of or an interest in any non-resident entity, an interest in a trust, and an interest in a non-resident trust. Fiera Capital Corporation (Fiera) is the manager, portfolio manager and promoter of the Fund. 	CANADIAN PREFERRED SECURITIES TRUST	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
REF.UN	Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's objective is to accumulate and manage a portfolio of high-quality real estate assets and to deliver the benefits of real estate ownership to its investors. The Company's properties include retail properties, industrial properties and office properties. The Company's properties include Westridge Power Centre, Woodbridge, Ontario; Mega Centre Lebourgneuf, Quebec City, Quebec; Bay Mac Shopping Centre, Richmond Hill, Ontario; 100 Alexis Nihon Boulevard, Montreal, Quebec; Hopewell Distribution Park, Calgary, Alberta; South Edmonton Common, Edmonton, Alberta; Bay Mac Shopping Centre, Richmond Hill, Ontario; Horizon Business Park, Edmonton, Alberta, and Great Plains Business Park, Calgary, Alberta, among others. 	Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	143	September 26, 2006
RTU.UN	Canadian Resources Income Trust (CaRIT) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Trust invests in a defined portfolio of equity securities of selected Canadian issuers focused on the natural resource industry. The investment mandate of the Trust is designed to provide unitholders with a diversified high yielding portfolio. The Trust's portfolio concentration by industry includes energy, industrials, power, utilities and infrastructure, consumer and basic materials industries. Its investments portfolio includes AltaGas Ltd., ARC Resources Ltd., Atlantic Power Corporation, Baytex Energy Corp., Bonavista Energy Corporation, Bonterra Energy Corp., Crescent Point Energy Corp., Freehold Royalties Ltd., Inter Pipeline Fund, Just Energy Group Inc., Keyera Corp., Northland Power Inc., Parkland Fuel Corporation and Pengrowth Energy Corporation. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. (SMCAI) manages the administration of the Trust. 	Canadian Resources Income Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	November 28, 1996
CBF	CanBanc 8 Income Corp. (the Fund) is a Canada-based investment fund. The Fund invests in a portfolio (the Portfolio) of common shares of eight Canadian banks, namely, Bank of Montreal; Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce; Canadian Western Bank; Laurentian Bank of Canada; National Bank of Canada; Royal Bank of Canada; The Bank of Nova Scotia, and The Toronto-Dominion Bank (the Banks). The Fund's objectives are to provide holders with quarterly distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation, and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would be experienced by owning a portfolio of common shares of the Banks directly. First Asset Investment Management Inc. (First Asset) is the manager of the Fund. First Asset manages and administers the business, operations and affairs of the Fund, and also provides various investment advisory and portfolio management services required by the Fund. 	CanBanc 8 Income Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 30, 2012
CAM	Canam Group Inc. is a Canada-based manufacturer of steel components for the construction industry. The Company offers customers services ranging from virtual design and construction to building information modeling and outsourcing of technical drawings. The Company's activities are divided into three product and service segments: buildings, structural steel and bridges. The buildings segment is engaged in the design, fabrication and installation of products for the construction of buildings for commercial, industrial, institutional and multi-residential projects. The structural steel segment is engaged in the design, fabrication and installation of structural steel components for complex and technical projects in the industrial, commercial and institutional sectors. The bridges segment is engaged in the design, fabrication and installation of steel bridges, structural bearings, expansion joints and related products for highway, railway and forestry markets. 	Canam Group Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	3975	May 9, 1994
CUS.DB.C	nul	Canexus Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
CCM	Canarc Resource Corp. is a Canada-based gold exploration and mining company. It is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and exploitation of precious metal properties. Canarc Resource Corp operates through the mineral exploration segment. The Company owns a direct interest in the precious metal property, known as the New Polaris property and the Windfall Hills properties. It owns 100% interest in the New Polaris property, located in the Atlin Mining Division, British Columbia and a 100% interest in the Windfall Hills property, located in British Columbia, Canada. Furthermore the Company owns 100% of the shares in Marlins wholly owned subsidiary company, Oro Silver Resources Ltd, which owns the fully permitted El Compas Gold-Silver Mine Project in Zacatecas, Mexico. The Company has not generated any operating revenues. 	Canarc Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	January 22, 1987
DNT	Candente Copper Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral right interests. It is focused on the exploration and development of its Canariaco Norte porphyry copper project, the Canariaco Sur deposit, and the Quebrada Verde and Jehuamarca prospects (the Canariaco Copper Project, the Canariaco Property or the Canariaco Project) located in Northern Peru. The Canariaco property is an advanced-stage porphyry copper exploration and development project located in Northern Peru. It has a 100% interest in the mineral rights of the Property. Canariaco Norte is a porphyry copper-gold deposit. The Canariaco Sur deposit is in the exploration-stage and Quebrada Verde is a prospect ready for initial drilling. It also holds a portfolio of other early-stage base metal properties located in Peru. The Company's other properties include Don Gregorio, Arikepay, Miraflores, Las Pavas, La Grama and El As De Zinc. 	Candente Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	25	May 1, 1997
CUS.DB.D	nul	Canexus Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
UTE.UN	nul	Canadian Utilities & Telecom Income Fund			--	
CUS.DB.B	nul	Canexus Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
CUS	Canexus Corporation (Canexus) is a chemical manufacturing and handling company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, produces sodium chlorate and chlor-alkali products in four facilities located in Canada and two facilities located at one site in Brazil for the pulp and paper and water treatment industries. The Company also provides fee-for-service hydrocarbon transloading services to the oil industry from its terminal at Bruderheim, Alberta. The Company has Canadian sodium chlorate production facilities located in Beauharnois, Quebec; Brandon, Manitoba and Nanaimo, British Columbia; and a chlor-alkali production facility located in North Vancouver, British Columbia and a South American sodium chlorate and chlor-alkali production facility located in Espirito Santo, Brazil. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Canexus Canada Holdings Ltd. and Canexus Canada Holdings II Ltd. 	Canexus Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	577	March 17, 2011
CU	Canadian Utilities Limited is a Canada-based ATCO company. The Company operates through four segments: Utilities, which include three business operations within western and northern Canada: ATCO Electric, ATCO Gas and ATCO Pipelines; Energy segment activities are conducted through ATCO Power, which is engaged in the non-regulated supply of electricity and cogeneration steam, as well as the regulated supply of electricity and ATCO Energy Solutions, which provides non-regulated natural gas gathering, processing, storage and transmission, natural gas liquids extraction, electricity transmission and industrial water services; ATCO Australia, which includes the distribution of natural gas by ATCO Gas Australia and the non-regulated supply of electricity and steam by ATCO Power Australia, and Corporate & Other, which includes the strategic growth investments in long-term contracted electricity transmission infrastructure in Alberta and geographical expansion into Mexico. 	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	6811	August 15, 1979
CU.PR.C	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CU.PR.E	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CU.PR.D	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CU.PR.F	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CU.PR.G	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CU.PR.I	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CU.PR.H	nul	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CWF	Canadian World Fund Limited (CWF) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Company's objective is to provide long-term returns by investing globally in securities of primarily publicly traded growth companies. As of March 6, 2015, the Company's holdings included HDFC Bank Ltd. (5.6%), Apple Inc. (5.6%), The Middleby Corporation (4.4%), Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (3.2%), Deere & Company (3.1%), Bank of America Corporation (2.6%), YES BANK Limited (2.6%), International Business Machines Corporation (2.6%), Cash (2.5%) and Dunkin Brands Group, Inc. (2.4%). The Company primarily uses a bottom-up investment style and offers investors local settlement of stocks. The Company is managed by Morgan Meighen & Associates Limited (MMA or the Manager). 	Canadian World Fund Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	November 13, 1986
CWB.PR.B	nul	Canadian Western Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
CWB	Canadian Western Bank (CWB) is a bank offering a range of financial services through more than 40 branch locations in Western Canada. The bank offers Personal banking, business banking and investing services. Personal banking include the provision of bank accounts, mortgages, loans, credit cards, banking services such as online banking, mobile banking and ATM banking, creditor insurance and travel insurance. Business banking includes provision of business lending, business accounts, cash management services, credit cards and services to small businesses. Its investing services include a range of Guaranteed Investment Certificates (GICs), Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSPs), Tax-Free Savings Accounts (TFSAs), Registered Retirement Income Fund Products (RRIFs), Registered Education Savings Plan (RESP) and mutual funds. 	Canadian Western Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	2062	1988
CU.X	Canadian Utilities Limited is a Canada-based ATCO company. The Company operates through four segments: Utilities, which include three business operations within western and northern Canada: ATCO Electric, ATCO Gas and ATCO Pipelines; Energy segment activities are conducted through ATCO Power, which is engaged in the non-regulated supply of electricity and cogeneration steam, as well as the regulated supply of electricity and ATCO Energy Solutions, which provides non-regulated natural gas gathering, processing, storage and transmission, natural gas liquids extraction, electricity transmission and industrial water services; ATCO Australia, which includes the distribution of natural gas by ATCO Gas Australia and the non-regulated supply of electricity and steam by ATCO Power Australia, and Corporate & Other, which includes the strategic growth investments in long-term contracted electricity transmission infrastructure in Alberta and geographical expansion into Mexico. 	Canadian Utilities Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	6811	August 15, 1979
CZN	Canadian Zinc Corporation (Canadian Zinc) is exploration-stage company. The Company's is engaged in the business of exploration and, when warranted, development of natural resource properties. The Company's principal focus is the development of the Prairie Creek property (the Prairie Creek Property, Prairie Creek Project or Prairie Creek Mine) in the Northwest Territories, Canada and the exploration of base metal properties in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The Prairie Creek Property contains a zinc/lead/silver mineral resource located approximately 500 kilometers west of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories, Canada. Canadian Zinc owns a land package in central Newfoundland that includes three VMS projects: South Tally Pond project, Tulks South project and Long Lake project. 	Canadian Zinc Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	22	December 16, 1965
CWX.DB	nul	CanWel Building Materials Group Ltd	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	
CWX	CanWel Building Materials Group Ltd. is a Canada-based wholesale distributor of building materials and home renovation products and a provider of wood pressure treating services. The Company operates through two divisions: CanWel Building Materials and CanWel Treating. The Company's CanWel Building Materials division is engaged in the warehousing and distribution of a range of items, including lumber, treated lumber, panel boards and specialty industrial products, among others. The Company's CanWel Treating division operates the Treatment Plants, which is engaged in the business of providing pressure treating services for a range of different product groups. The Company services the home construction, home renovation and industrial markets by supplying the retail and wholesale lumber and building materials industry, hardware stores, industrial and furniture manufacturers and similar concerns across Canada. 	CanWel Building Materials Group Ltd	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	457	May 11, 2010
CFX	Canfor Pulp Products Inc (CPPI) is a Canada-based supplier of pulp and paper products with operations in the central interior of British Columbia. It operates in two segments: Pulp and Paper. The Pulp line includes four pulp mills: the Northwood Pulp Mill, which is a two line mill with annual production capacity of approximately 600,000 tons of Northern Bleached Softwood Kraft (NBSK) pulp; the Intercontinental Pulp Mill, which is a single line pulp mill with annual production capacity of approximately 320,000 tons of NBSK pulp; the Prince George Pulp and Paper Mill, which is an integrated two line pulp and paper mill with an annual market pulp production capacity of approximately 145,000 tons, and the Taylor Pulp Mill, which has an annual capacity of approximately 220,000 tons of Bleached Chemi-Thermo-Mechanical Pulp (BCTMP). The Company's Paper machine, located at the Prince George Pulp and Paper Mill, has an annual production capacity of approximately 140,000 tons of Kraft paper. 	Canfor Pulp Products Inc	Basic Materials	Paper Products	1130	March 12, 2010
ICE	Canlan Ice Sports Corp. (Canlan) is engaged in the business of acquisition, development and operation of multi-purpose recreation and entertainment facilities. The Company operates in seven segments: Ice/Field Sales and Internal Programming (grouped as Ice and Field Sales); Food & Beverage; Tournaments Operations; Sports Store Operations; Sponsorship; Space Rental and Management and Consulting Services. It offers various branded programs, which include youth 3 on 3, Canlan Classic Tournaments, Hockey Academy, Skating Academy and Canlan Sports Camps, among others. Its premiere brand in its portfolio of programs is the Adult Safe-Hockey League, the adult recreational hockey league, with over 80,000 members. It owned, leased or managed a network of approximately 19 facilities in Canada and the United States containing over 55 full sized ice sheets, over four indoor turf fields, approximately two ball hockey courts, over 11 indoor volleyball courts, and over four beach volleyball courts. 	Canlan Ice Sports Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	1100	1956
ODI.UN	Canoe Canadian Diversified Income Fund (the Fund), formerly O'Leary Canadian Diversified Income Fund, is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with monthly distributions and to preserve capital. The Fund focuses on investing in an actively-managed portfolio that consists primarily of investment grade and high yield corporate bonds, and dividend-paying equity securities primarily of large and mid-cap Canadian issuers, and to a lesser extent of dividend-paying equity securities of large-cap United States issuers. Canoe Financial LP (Canoe or the Manager) acts as the investment manager of the Fund. Canoe is an independent mutual fund company and manages its assets across a diversified range of mutual funds and private energy equity products. 	Canoe Canadian Diversified Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 2, 2011
CFP	Canfor Corp is a Canada-based integrated forest products company with interests in British Columbia, Alberta, North and South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi. The Company produces primarily softwood lumber and specialized wood products. Furthermore, It controls Canfor Pulp Products Inc, a producer of market northern bleached softwood kraft pulp, high performance kraft paper, as well as bleached chemi-thermo mechanical pulp. 	Canfor Corp	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	6047	May 17, 1966
OUY.UN	nul	Canoe US Strategic Yield Advantaged Fund			--	
PBY.UN	nul	Canso Credit Income Fund			--	
OUY.U	nul	Canoe US Strategic Yield Advantaged Fund			--	
SCW.UN	Canso Select Opportunities Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to maximize long-term total returns for holders of Units (Unitholders) and to provide Unitholders with monthly cash distributions, by investing in an actively managed, diversified portfolio consisting primarily of Canadian and global debt and equity securities (the Portfolio). Canso Investment Counsel Ltd. is the portfolio manager of the Fund. Lysander Funds Limited is the manager of the Fund. 	Canso Select Opportunities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 25, 2013
EIT.UN	Canoe EIT Income Fund is a closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to maximize monthly distributions relative to risk and maximize Net Asset Value, while maintaining and expanding an investment portfolio, primarily through acquiring, investing, holding, transferring, disposing of or otherwise dealing with or in equity and debt securities of corporations, partnerships, or other issuers and such other investments. The Fund invests in securities of publicly traded real estate investment trusts (REITs), qualified limited partnerships, corporations and similar issuers, corporate debt, convertible debentures and preferred shares of issuers engaged in businesses in various industries and geographic regions. It may invest in equity or debt securities, which include energy-related corporations; other resource-oriented corporations; real estate investment trusts, and any other corporation operating in an industry. The Fund is managed by Canoe Financial LP. 	Canoe EIT Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	44	August 5, 1997
FRC	Canyon Services Group Inc. (Canyon) provides stimulation and water handling services to oil and gas exploration and production companies operating in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. The Company offers stimulation solutions for a range of reservoirs. It operates in five segments: Hydraulic Fracturing, which offers a line of hydraulic fracturing services and fluid systems; Nitrogen Fracturing, which offers nitrogen pumps, nitrogen transportation and on-site storage facilities; Coiled Tubing, which offers a range of shallow, mid-depth and deep coiled tubing units; Chemical Stimulation and Cementing, which provides acid treatments utilizing chemical systems to treat oil and natural gas wells, and Water Handling, which include services, such as containment, transfer, pumping and heating of liquids used in connection with stimulation services. Canyon stimulation services include hydraulic fracturing, nitrogen fracturing, coiled tubing, chemical stimulation and remedial cementing. 	Canyon Services Group Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	1300	April 8, 2004
CPX	Capital Power Corporation (Capital Power) is a Canada-based power producing company. The Company develops, acquires, operates and optimizes power generation from a range of energy sources. Capital Power owns over 2,700 megawatts (MW) of power generation capacity at 15 facilities across North America and owns 371 MW of capacity through its interest in Sundance PPA. The Company's power generation operations and assets are owned by Capital Power L.P. (CPLP), a subsidiary of the Company. The Company's commercial / merchant power generation facilities include Clover Bar Energy Centre, Clover Bar Landfill Gas, Halkirk Wind, Genesee 3, Joffre Co-generation, Keephills 3, Genesee 1 & 2, Island Generation, Quality Wind, Kingsbridge I, Port Dover & Nanticoke, Genesee 4 & 5, Shepard Energy Centre, Genesee Mine, K2 Wind Project and Port Dover & Nanticoke Wind. 	Capital Power Corporation	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	714	May 1, 2009
CPX.PR.C	nul	Capital Power Corporation	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
CPX.PR.A	nul	Capital Power Corporation	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
CSE	Capstone Infrastructure Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in power and utilities businesses. The Company has investments in utilities businesses in Europe and owns, operates and develops thermal and renewable power generation facilities in Canada with an approximate net installed capacity of 450 megawatts. The Company has three segments: Power, Utilities  water and Utilities  district heating. The Company's Power segment includes investments in gas cogeneration, wind, hydro, biomass and solar power assets, as well as project development. The Company's Utilities  water segment includes regulated water services business (Bristol Water). The Company's Utilities  district heating segment includes district heating business (Varmevarden). 	Capstone Infrastructure Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	510	May 20, 2010
CSE.PR.A	nul	Capstone Infrastructure Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CSE.DB.A	nul	Capstone Infrastructure Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CPX.PR.E	nul	Capital Power Corporation	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
CAO	Cara Operations Limited is a Canada-based food services company. The Company owns and operates service restaurants. The Company operates a range of airport restaurants and bars. The Company operates approximately 700 restaurants and nine Flight Centers across Canada. The Company's brands are Swiss Chalet, East Side Mario's, Milestones, Casey's, Bier Markt, Kelsey's, Fionn MacCool's, Montana's and Harvey's. 	Cara Operations Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	4700	December 31, 2014
CS	Capstone Mining Corporation (Capstone) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the production of and exploration for base metals in the United States, Mexico, Canada and Chile. Its subsidiaries include Pinto Valley Mining Corp., which owns and operates the copper Pinto Valley Mine in Arizona, United States; Capstone Gold, S.A. de C.V, which owns and operates the copper-silver Cozamin Mine located in Zacatecas, Mexico; Minto Explorations Ltd., which owns and operates the copper Minto Mine located in Yukon, Canada; Kutcho Copper Corp., which owns the Kutcho copper-zinc project in British Columbia, Canada, and Capstone Mining Chile SpA, which performs exploration for base metal deposits in Chile. Through Acquisition Co.'s wholly owned Canadian subsidiary, Far West Mining Ltd., it is engaged in the exploration for and production of base metals primarily in Chile. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds exploration properties in Chile and Australia. 	Capstone Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1200	July 17, 1987
CDU	Cardero Resource Corp. (Cardero) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company holds, or has rights to acquire, interests in mineral properties in Canada, Ghana, Argentina and the United States. The Company is focused on its metallurgical coal deposit, Carbon Creek property. The Carbon Creek property lies approximately 60 kilometers northwest of the town of Chetwynd, British Columbia and 40 kilometers west of the town of Hudson's Hope. The Company's activities are primarily in Canada, Ghana, Argentina, Mexico and the United States. Its subsidiaries include Cardero Coal Ltd., Cardero Iron Ore Company Ltd., Cardero Argentina, S.A., Cardero Peru, S.A.C., Compania Minera Cardero Chile Limitada, Cerro Colorado Development Ltd., Cardero Iron Ore (USA) Inc., Cardero Iron Ore Management (USA) Inc. and Cardero Iron Ore Company (BVI) Ltd., among others. 	Cardero Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	23	December 13, 1985
CPW.DB	nul	Capstone Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	20	February 15, 2014
COM	Cardiome Pharma Corp. (Cardiome) is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of cardiovascular therapies that improve the life and health of patients suffering from heart disease. The Company has two marketed, in-hospital, cardiology products, BRINAVESSTM and AGGRASTAT, which are commercially available in markets outside of the United States. BRINAVESSTM (vernakalant (IV)), is approved in the European Union, and is registered and approved in approximately 50 countries for the conversion of onset atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm in adults (for non-surgery patients with atrial fibrillation of seven days or less) and for use in post-cardiac surgery patients with atrial fibrillation of three days or less. AGGRASTAT (tirofiban HCL) is a reversible GP IIb/IIIa inhibitor (an intravenous anti-platelet drug) for use in Acute Coronary Syndrome patients. 	Cardiome Pharma Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	85	March 1, 2009
CJT	Cargojet Inc. is a provider of time sensitive overnight air cargo services. The Company's cargo business comprises operating a domestic overnight air cargo co-load network between thirteen Canadian cities; providing aircraft to customers on an aircraft, crew, maintenance and insurance (ACMI) basis; operating scheduled international routes for multiple cargo customers between the United States of America and Bermuda, and providing specialty charter service across North America, to the Caribbean and to Europe. The Company's freighter aircraft fleet includes B767-200, B757-200, B757-200 and Challenger 601, among others. 	Cargojet Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	509	April 7, 2010
CJ.DB	nul	Cardinal Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
CJT.A	Cargojet Inc. is a provider of time sensitive overnight air cargo services. The Company's cargo business comprises operating a domestic overnight air cargo co-load network between thirteen Canadian cities; providing aircraft to customers on an aircraft, crew, maintenance and insurance (ACMI) basis; operating scheduled international routes for multiple cargo customers between the United States of America and Bermuda, and providing specialty charter service across North America, to the Caribbean and to Europe. The Company's freighter aircraft fleet includes B767-200, B757-200, B757-200 and Challenger 601, among others. 	Cargojet Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	509	April 7, 2010
CJ	Cardinal Energy Ltd. is a junior oil focused company. The Companys Chauvin is located approximately 65 kilometers east of Wainwright, Alberta. The Companys Loverna is located approximately 80 kilometers west of Kerrobert, Saskatchewan, straddling the Alberta and Saskatchewan border. The Companys Bantry is located near the City of Brooks, Alberta. The property produces medium crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. The Companys Wainwright Assets consist of 73% operated working interest in medium quality crude oil assets located in the Wainwright area of Alberta with 87% of the reserves being proved producing reserves. In August 2014, Cardinal Energy Ltd acquired Wainwright. 	Cardinal Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	65	April 15, 2015
CUP.U	Caribbean Utilities Company, Ltd. is engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in its license area of Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. The Company provides these services pursuant to a 2-year exclusive year transmission and distribution license and a 25 year non-exclusive Generation license with the Cayman Islands Government, which expires in April 2028 and November 2039, respectively. The Company' wholly owned subsidiary, DataLink Ltd. holds a license to provide fiber optic infrastructure and other information and communication technology (ICT) services to the ICT industry. 	Caribbean Utilities Co Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	198	April 30, 1966
CJT.DB.A	nul	Cargojet Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	--	
CJT.DB.B	nul	Cargojet Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	--	
CCL.B	CCL Industries Inc. (CCL) is a specialty packaging company. The Company operates through three segments: the Label Segment, Avery and the Container Segment. The Label segment includes the production of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a range of decorative, instructional and functional applications for the consumer packaging, healthcare, automotive and consumer durables markets. The Avery segment includes manufacturing and selling of various consumer products, including labels, binders, dividers, sheet protectors and writing instruments in North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe, and software-driven digital printing solutions. The Container segment includes the manufacturing of specialty containers for the consumer products industry in North America, including Mexico. Its product line also includes recyclable aluminum aerosol cans and bottles for the personal care, home care and cosmetic industries, plus shaped aluminum bottles for the beverage market. 	CCL Industries Inc	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	7500	December 31, 1992
CCL.A	CCL Industries Inc. (CCL) is a specialty packaging company. The Company operates through three segments: the Label Segment, Avery and the Container Segment. The Label segment includes the production of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a range of decorative, instructional and functional applications for the consumer packaging, healthcare, automotive and consumer durables markets. The Avery segment includes manufacturing and selling of various consumer products, including labels, binders, dividers, sheet protectors and writing instruments in North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe, and software-driven digital printing solutions. The Container segment includes the manufacturing of specialty containers for the consumer products industry in North America, including Mexico. Its product line also includes recyclable aluminum aerosol cans and bottles for the personal care, home care and cosmetic industries, plus shaped aluminum bottles for the beverage market. 	CCL Industries Inc	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	7500	December 31, 1992
CYT	Catalyst Paper Corporation (Catalyst Paper) is a producer of mechanical printing paper in western North America. The Company operates in three segments: specialty printing papers, newsprint and pulp. The Specialty Printing Papers segment manufactures and sells mechanical specialty printing papers. The Newsprint segment manufactures and sells newsprint. The Pulp segment manufactures and sells long-fibre NBSK pulp. The Company also produces northern bleached softwood kraft (NBSK) pulp. It also produces coated mechanical paper and soft-calendared mechanical paper. The Company's three pulp and paper operations in British Columbia are located at Crofton on the east coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Port Alberni on central Vancouver Island, and Powell River on the west coast of the British Columbia mainland. 	Catalyst Paper Corp	Basic Materials	Paper Products	2700	September 1, 2001
CAS	Cascades Inc. (Cascades) is a Canada-based company that produces, converts and markets packaging and tissue products consisting of recycled fibers. The Company operates through four segments: Containerboard, Boxboard Europe, Specialty Products and Tissue Papers. The Containerboard segment offers corrugated packaging containers, corrugated sheets and specialty packaging. The Boxboard Europe segment offers coated virgin boxboard, coated recycled boxboard and recycled linerboard. The Specialty Products segment consists of various packaging products, such as industrial packaging that include uncoated board, papermill packaging, honeycomb packaging and laminated boards; consumer products packaging, such as molded pulp products and plastic products, and other products, such as backing for vinyl flooring and deinked pulp. The Tissue Papers segment offers parent rolls, paper towels, paper hand towels, bathroom tissue, facial tissue, paper napkins and industrial wipes. 	Cascades Inc	Basic Materials	Paper Packaging	11000	December 12, 1994
CLS	Celestica Inc. (Celestica) is a provider of supply chain solutions globally to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and service providers in the communications, consumer, diversified, servers and storage end markets. The Company offers a range of services to its customers, including design and development, engineering services, supply chain management, new product introduction, component sourcing, electronics manufacturing, assembly and test, complex mechanical assembly, systems integration, precision machining, order fulfillment, logistics and after-market repair and return services. The Company's products and services serve a range of applications, including servers; networking, wireless and telecommunications equipment; storage systems; optical equipment; aerospace and defense electronics; healthcare products for diagnostic imaging; audiovisual equipment; set top boxes; printer supplies; semiconductor equipment, and a range of industrial and green technology products. 	Celestica Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	26700	September 27, 1996
CMH	Carmanah Technologies Corporation (Carmanah) designs, develops and distributes industrial and commercial solar powered outdoor light emitting diode (LED) lighting systems; solar powered signaling systems for marine, aviation, traffic and obstruction markets, and solar powered energy systems for mobile markets (primarily recreational vehicles and trucks). The Company also designs and installs photovoltaic (PV) rooftop and greenfield power plants. Carmanah operates through three business segments: Signals, Illumination and Power. The Signals segment offers signals for Traffic, Marine, Aviation and Obstruction verticals. The Illumination segment offers products that are used in general illumination applications for pathways, parking lots, and pedestrian areas, as well as highway/street lighting and perimeter lighting. The Power segment offers power solutions to Solar Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC) Services vertical, and Mobile vertical under the brand name Go Power!. 	CARMANAH TECHNOLOGIES Corp pre amalgamation	Technology	Semiconductors	57	March 26, 1996
CET	Cathedral Energy Services Ltd. (Cathedral) is engaged in the business of providing selected oilfield services to oil and natural gas exploration and development entities in western Canada and the United States. The Company carries on its activities in Canada and the United States under the name Cathedral Energy Services with two operating divisions: directional drilling and production testing. Cathedral's Directional Drilling division provides horizontal, directional and underbalanced drilling services. These services are provided in conjunction with the use of drilling rigs provided by drilling contractors who deal independently with Cathedral's customers. The Production Testing division provides oil and natural gas production testing services in western Canada and the United States. Its Production testing generally allows natural gas well-flow characteristics to be tested and is used in recovering and containing well and fracturing fluids. 	Cathedral Energy Services Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	558	December 18, 2009
CEE	Centamin plc (Centamin) is a mineral exploration, development and mining company. The Company operates in Egypt, Ethiopia, United Kingdom and Australia. The Company's principal asset is the Sukari Gold Mine, which is jointly owned by the Company's wholly owned subsidiary Pharaoh Gold Mines NL and Egyptian Mineral Resource Authority (EMRA) on a 50% equal basis. Sukari Gold Mine is a gold mine located in Egypt. Centamin's tenements in Burkina Faso, collectively known as the Batie West permits, are Danhal, Donko, Dounkou, Gbingbina, Mabera, Tiopolo, Niorka, Bottara, Kaldera, Kpere Batie, Timboura and Kpere. Centamin, through its subsidiary Sheba Exploration Limited, has interests in two exploration licenses in Ethiopia, namely Una Deriem and Ondonok Dabus. The Company also holds a royalty interest in the Nelson Fleet gold project at St. Ives in Western Australia through its subsidiary, Viking Resources Limited. 	Centamin PLC			--	October 10, 2011
CAZ	Caza Oil & Gas Inc. (Caza) is a Canada-based company engaged in oil and natural gas exploration and development activities in Texas and Louisiana. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of hydrocarbons in the United States through its subsidiary, Caza Petroleum, Inc. The Company operates across the Texas Gulf Coast, south Louisiana, southeast New Mexico and the Permian Basin of West Texas. Caza's operations are focused within two producing regions in the United States: the Permian Basin and the Gulf Coast. Caza's Gulf Coast operations cover a large area across south Texas and south Louisiana, including the state waters of the Coastal Transition Zone. Most of the company's production and reserves in this region come from natural gas reservoirs found in conventional sandstone formations. The Company's other subsidiaries include Caza Operating, LLC, Falcon Bay Operating, LLC and Falcon Bay Sutton County, LLC. 	Caza Oil & Gas Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	12	June 9, 2006
CVE	Cenovus Energy Inc. is a Canada-based integrated oil company. The Company is engaged in the development, production and marketing of crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas in Canada with refining operations in the United States. The Company operates in four segments: Oil Sands segment, engaged in the development and production of Cenovuss bitumen assets at Foster Creek, Christina Lake and Narrows Lake, as well as projects in the early-stages of development, such as Grand Rapids and Telephone Lake, and Athabasca natural gas assets; Conventional segment, engaged in the development and production of conventional crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas in Alberta and Saskatchewan, including the heavy oil assets at Pelican Lake; Refining and Marketing segment, engaged in the transporting, selling and refining crude oil into petroleum and chemical products. 	Cenovus Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	3005	January 1, 2011
CG	Centerra Gold Inc. is a Canada-based gold mining and exploration company. The Company is engaged in the production of gold and related activities including exploration, development, mining and processing in the Kyrgyz Republic, Mongolia, Turkey and Canada. The Company's operations are segmented on a regional basis. The Kyrgyz Republic segment includes the operations of the Kumtor Gold project and the Mongolian segment involves the operations of the Boroo Gold project, activities related to the Gatsuurt project and local exploration activities. The Corporate and other segment include the head office located in Toronto, the Oksut Turkish project and other international exploration projects. Its significant subsidiaries includeKumtor Gold Company in the Kyrgyz Republic, Boroo Gold LLC and Centerra Gold Mongolia LLC (owner of the Gatsuurt property and Altan Tsagaan Ovoo property) in Mongolia and Oksut Madencilik A.S. in Turkey. 	Centerra Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2939	November 7, 2002
CHH	Centric Health Corp, formerly Alegro Health Corp., is a Canada-based healthcare company. The Company is engaged in providing healthcare services. Its segments include Physiotherapy, Rehabilitation and Assessments; Specialty Pharmacy, Surgical and Medical Centers, and Corporate. The Physiotherapy, Rehabilitation and Assessments segment includes clinical services that offer physiotherapy, occupational therapy, massage therapy, occupational rehabilitation services and other specialized services across a number of settings, including clinic, long term care, retirement and patient residences. The Specialty Pharmacy segment includes dispensing, compliance packaging and auxiliary products and services for retirement homes and long-term care residents. The Surgical and Medical Centers segment includes a range of services, including primary care, executive medical, urgent care and diagnostic services, including computerized tomography and magnetic resonance imaging scan capabilities. 	Centric Health Corp	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	320	January 1, 2014
GIB.A	CGI Group Inc (CGI) is a Canada-based company that provides information technology (IT) consulting, systems integration, IT outsourcing and business solutions. The Company's delivery model provides for work to be carried out onsite at client premises, or through its centers located globally. In addition, CGI has a range of business solutions, which helps its clients and shareholders. CGI has a range of business solutions, which helps its clients and shareholders. It includes Momentum, CGI Advantage and Credit Services Solutions. CGI offers its end-to-end services to a focused set of industry vertical markets, such as financial services, government, health, telecommunications and utilities and manufacturing, retail and distribution (MRD). The Company provides a full range of IT and management consulting services, including business transformation, IT strategic planning, business process engineering and systems architecture. 	CGI Group Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	26000	September 29, 1981
CEF.U	Central Fund of Canada Limited is an investment holding company. The Company's investment objective is to provide a secure, convenient, low-cost, exchange tradable investment alternative for investors interested in holding an investment in gold and silver bullion for long-term appreciation. The Company invests primarily in long-term holdings of unencumbered, allocated and physically segregated gold and silver bullion. The Company also provides retail and institutional investors with an ability to hold interests in gold and silver bullion. 	Central Fund of Canada Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	November 15, 1961
CQE	Cequence Energy Ltd. (Cequence) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas reserves in Western Canada. The Company is primarily involved in the development of its Simonette asset in the Alberta Deep Basin. Cequence's principal properties are located in the Deep Basin area of Northwest Alberta, the Peace River Arch area of Northwest Alberta and Northeast British Columbia. The Company owns a total of approximately 470,229 gross acres (264,841 net acres) of oil and natural gas leases. The Deep Basin assets include fields located in the Simonette, Resthaven and Kaybob areas. The Peace River Arch assets include fields located in the Fourth Creek, George, Blueberry, Valhalla, Knopcik and Cecil areas. The Company's Northeast British Columbia assets include fields located in the Silver, Noel and Gunnell areas. 	Cequence Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	31	January 1, 2011
CHH.NT	nul	Centric Health 6.75% Unsecured Subordinated Conv Notes 	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
CEF.A	Central Fund of Canada Limited is an investment holding company. The Company's investment objective is to provide a secure, convenient, low-cost, exchange tradable investment alternative for investors interested in holding an investment in gold and silver bullion for long-term appreciation. The Company invests primarily in long-term holdings of unencumbered, allocated and physically segregated gold and silver bullion. The Company also provides retail and institutional investors with an ability to hold interests in gold and silver bullion. 	Central Fund of Canada Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	November 15, 1961
CRP	Ceres Global Ag Corp. is a Canada-based agriculture and commodity logistics holding company. The Companys investments are mainly into two areas include grain, storage, handling and merchandising unit, and commodity logistics. Grain, storage, handling and merchandising unit is focused on cereal grain storage, customer-specific procurement, and process-ready, cleaning of specialty grains, such as oats, barley, rye and durum wheat. Commodity Logistics, which is a short-line railway company based in Southeastern Saskatchewan and Northgate the proposed commodities logistics hub. It owns approximately 1,500 acres of land at Northgate, Saskatchewan and Northgate, North Dakota. Commodity logistics, Northgate Hub connects to the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe (BNSF) Railway network, giving shippers direct access to customers in over 28 American states, numerous Pacific and Gulf ports and Mexico. 	Ceres Global Ag Corp	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	--	November 1, 2007
CNT	Century Global Commodities Corp is a Canada-based iron exploration and development company. The Company has properties in the Labrador Trough in Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador, as well as the James Bay area of Quebec. Its projects include Duncan Lake project, Attikamagen properties and Sunnay Lake properties. The Duncan Lake Project is a magnetie deposit located in the James Bay Area approximately 50 kilometers south of Radison, Quebec. The Suny Lake properties include the direct shipping ore (DSO) targets at Blackbird Lake and its surrounding area, and the Ful Mon/Rainy Lake project. The Companys Atikamagen properties include two areas of exploration and development: the Joyce Lake DSO Project and the Hayot Lake Taconite Project. 	Century Global Commodities Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	26	October 17, 2014
CVL	Cervus Equipment Corporation is a diversified corporation. The Company operates through the following business segments: Agricultural, Transportation, and Commercial and Industrial segments. The Agricultural equipment segment comprises interests in 42 John Deere dealership locations, including 14 in Alberta, 11 in Saskatchewan, one in British Columbia, one in Manitoba, nine in New Zealand and six in Australia. Of the 42 John Deere Dealerships, 35 are wholly owned, and the Company holds a minority interest in seven. The Commercial and Industrial equipment segment comprises 15 dealership locations with 12 dealerships operating in Alberta, two dealerships operating in Saskatchewan and one in Manitoba. The Transportation segment comprises 18 dealership locations with four Peterbilt truck dealerships and one collision repair center operating in Saskatchewan, and 13 Peterbilt truck dealerships operating in Ontario. 	Cervus Equipment Corp	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	1794	January 10, 1980
CXN	Chalice Gold Mines Limited is an Australia-based company, which is engaged in mineral exploration and evaluation. The Company's segments are exploration and evaluation, business development and corporate. The Company's projects include Cameron Gold project, Croteau Est project, Rainy River project and Gnaweeda project. The Cameron Gold project consists of the Cameron Gold property and West Cedartree property. The Cameron Gold project represents an exploration asset located in southern part of western Ontario in Canada, approximately 80 kilometers south-east of the town of Kenora. The West Cedartree property is located around 10 kilometers west of the Cameron project, which hosts the Dubenski and Dog Paw deposits. The Croteau Est project is located near Chibougamau in Quebec and consists of around 213 claims. The Rainy River project is located in Ontario, Canada and the Gnaweeda project is located in Australia. 	Chalice Gold Mines Ltd			--	October 13, 2005
CVL.DB	nul	Cervus Equipment Corp	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
CIA	Champion Iron Limited, formerly Mamba Minerals Limited, is engaged in the exploration and development of iron ore properties in Quebec, Canada. The Company's projects include Consolidated Fire Lake North Project, Snelgrove Lake Project, Powderhorn Lake Project and Gullbridge Property. The Company wholly owns Consolidated Fire Lake North, which is located in Labrador Trough in the province of Quebec. The Snelgrove Lake Project is located in western Labrador and consists of four licenses totaling around 424 mineral claims of approximately 10,600 hectares. Powderhorn Lake Project consists of around 148 claims covering an area of approximately 37 square kilometers situated in the Buchans-Robert's Arm Belt in Central Newfoundland. Gullbridge Property consists of around 179 claims covering approximately 45 square kilometers situated in the Buchans Robert's Arm Belt in Central Newfoundland. 	Champion Iron Ltd			--	May 18, 2006
CSH.DB.B	nul	Chartwell Retirement Residences	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
CSH.UN	Chartwell Retirement Residences (Chartwell) is an unincorporated, open-ended trust. Chartwell indirectly owns and manages a portfolio of seniors housing communities across the complete continuum of care, all of , which are located in Canada and the United States. It operates through three segments: Canadian Retirement Operations, Canadian Long Term Care Operations and U.S. Operations. Its portfolio of seniors housing communities includes Independent living, which are age-qualified units that provide meals and general services; Independent supported living, which include age-qualified units with households general services and personal care services; Assisted living, which are age-qualified units with personal care services in a separate wing; Memory care, which contain age-qualified units with personal care services for persons with Alzheimer's disease in a separate wing, and Long term care, which includes 24-hour nursing care, assistance with daily living activities and personal care. 	Chartwell Retirement Residences	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	13500	
CIX	CI Financial Corp. (CI) is a Canada-based wealth management and investment fund company. The Company is engaged in management, marketing, distribution and administration of mutual funds, segregated funds, structured products and other fee-earning investment products for Canadian investors. CI operates through two segments: Asset Management and Asset Administration. The Company's Asset Management segment provides the majority of CI's income and derives its revenue principally from the fees earned on the management of several families of mutual, segregated, pooled and closed-end funds, structured products and discretionary accounts. CI's Asset Administration segment derives its revenue principally from commissions and fees earned on the sale of mutual funds and other financial products and ongoing service to clients. The Company's products are distributed primarily through brokers, independent financial planners and insurance advisors, among others. 	CI Financial Corp	Financials	Investment Services	1280	November 12, 2008
MBA	CIBT Education Group Inc. is an educational management company focused on the global education market. The Company's business operations include education, media communications and real estate development. The Company has four principal business units/segments: CIBT School of Business & Technology Corp. (CIBT), Sprott-Shaw Degree College Corp. (SSDC), IRIX Design Group Inc. (IRIX) and Global Education City Holdings Inc. (GEC). The Company's CIBT segment operates technical and career training schools. The Company's SSDC segment operates technical and career training schools in Canada. The Company's IRIX segment conducts Web design and advertising services. The Company's GEC segment conducts education related real estate projects. The Company owns and operates a network of business, technical and language colleges in North America and Asia. 	CIBT Education Group Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	564	November 17, 1986
CHE.DB	nul	Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
CHE.DB.B	nul	Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
CHE.DB.A	nul	Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	--	
CHW.DB	nul	Chesswood Group Ltd	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
CKE	Chinook Energy Inc. is a Calgary-based petroleum and natural gas production company focused on development and exploration opportunities in western Canada. The Company has assets in the Plains-West Central District, the Grande Prairie District and the Peace River Arch District. The Company's operations combine multi-zone conventional production and resource plays in its Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin producing properties and undeveloped land predominately located in northwestern Alberta and northeastern British Columbia. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas. The Company has natural gas properties in northeastern British Columbia and crude oil properties located near Grande Prairie, Alberta. As of December 31, 2014, the Company held 65 (54 net) sections of land in the Birley/Umbach area and 50 (35 net) sections of land at Grande Prairie. 	Chinook Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	119	
CHW	Chesswood Group Limited is a financial services company operating primarily in the specialty finance industry. Through the Companys interest in Pawnee Leasing Corporation, the Company is involved in the business of micro and small-ticket equipment financing to small businesses in the start-up and B credit market in the lower 48 states of the United States. Through the Companys interest in Windset Capital Corporation, the Company is involved in the business of providing working capital loans to small businesses in many of the lower 48 states of the United States. Through its interest in Case Funding Inc.,, the Company is involved in the legal finance business in the United States. Through its interest in Sherway LP, the Company is involved in selling, servicing and leasing Acura automobiles in the Province of Ontario, and through its interest in Lease-Win Limited, the Company owns cars4U.com. 	Chesswood Group Ltd	Financials	Financials - Specialty	122	March 19, 2010
CHE.UN	Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund provides industrial chemicals and services. Chemtrade operates in four business segments: Sulphur Products & Performance Chemicals (SPPC), Water Solutions & Specialty Chemicals (WSSC), International (Intl) and Corporate (Corp). SPPC markets, removes and produces merchant, regenerated sulphuric acid, liquid sulphur dioxide, sodium hydrosulphite, elemental sulphur, hydrogen sulphide, and sodium bisulphite and other processing services. WSSC manufactures and markets a variety of inorganic coagulants used in water treatment, aluminum sulphate, aluminum chlorohydrate, polyaluminum chloride, and ferric sulphate; and a number of specialty chemicals. WSSC also includes the markets sodium chlorate and crude tall oil. Intl provides removal and marketing services for elemental sulphur and sulphuric acid. Corp is a non-operating segment that provides centralized services, such as treasury, finance, information technology, human resources, legal and risk management. 	Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	1200	July 11, 2001
CHR.A	Chorus Aviation Inc. (Chorus) is a Canada-based dividend-paying holding company with various aviation interests, including Jazz Aviation Holdings Inc. (JAH) and Chorus Aviation Holdings Inc. (CAH). JAH holds all of Chorus' business interests associated with a capacity purchase agreement (CPA) with Air Canada, which includes Jazz Aviation LP (Jazz Aviation), Jazz Aircraft Financing Inc. (JAFI), and Jazz Leasing Inc. (JLI). JAFI and JLI were established for the sole purpose of acquiring and financing Q400 aircraft and related equipment, and leasing them to Jazz for use in the CPA. CAH is a holding company to facilitate diversification of Chorus' business, such as the establishment of Chorus Airport Services Inc., which provides airport handling services. 	Chorus Aviation Inc	Industrials	Airlines	4130	September 27, 2010
CHP.UN	Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust (the Trust) is an owner, manager and developer of well-located retail and commercial properties across Canada. The Trust's retail real estate investment trust (REIT) portfolio spans approximately 39.9 million square feet of gross leasable area and consists of 475 properties primarily focused on supermarket-anchored shopping centers, standalone supermarkets and other retail properties. Its property portfolio includes 457 retail properties, 10 warehouse properties, one office complex, one industrial site and three undeveloped parcels of land. The Trust's retail properties are made up of 293 properties with a standalone retail store operating under a Loblaw banner; 159 properties anchored by a retail store operating under a Loblaw banner that also contain one or more ancillary tenants, and five properties containing only ancillary tenants. The Trust owns income-producing commercial properties located in Canada. 	Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	May 21, 2013
CHR.B	Chorus Aviation Inc. (Chorus) is a Canada-based dividend-paying holding company with various aviation interests, including Jazz Aviation Holdings Inc. (JAH) and Chorus Aviation Holdings Inc. (CAH). JAH holds all of Chorus' business interests associated with a capacity purchase agreement (CPA) with Air Canada, which includes Jazz Aviation LP (Jazz Aviation), Jazz Aircraft Financing Inc. (JAFI), and Jazz Leasing Inc. (JLI). JAFI and JLI were established for the sole purpose of acquiring and financing Q400 aircraft and related equipment, and leasing them to Jazz for use in the CPA. CAH is a holding company to facilitate diversification of Chorus' business, such as the establishment of Chorus Airport Services Inc., which provides airport handling services. 	Chorus Aviation Inc	Industrials	Airlines	4130	September 27, 2010
CGG	China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. is a gold and base metal mining company. The Company's main business involves the acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal mineral properties. Its principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (CSH Gold Mine) located in Inner Mongolia, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (Jiama Mine) located in Tibet, China. It holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Gold Mine and owns a 100% interest in the Jiama Mine. Its segments include the mine-produced gold segment and the mine-produced copper segment. The mine-produced gold segment includes the production of gold bullion through its processes, such as mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling. The mine-produced copper segment includes the production of copper concentrate and other by-products through its separation, such as mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling copper concentrate. 	China Gold International Resources Corp Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1666	May 31, 2000
CGX	Cineplex Inc. is an entertainment company and operates digitized motion picture theatre circuits. The Company operates through two segments, which include Exhibition and Media. Its Exhibition segment includes all direct and ancillary revenues from theatre attendance, including box office, food service and gaming revenues. Its Media segment consists of the aggregation of two operating segments: Cineplex Media, which consists of all in-theatre advertising revenues and costs, including pre-show, showtime, magazine and lobby advertising, and Cineplex Digital Media, which consists of revenues and costs associated with the design, installation and operations of digital signage networks. It operates approximately 162 theatres with 1,652 screens from coast to coast. It operates through theatre brands, which include Cineplex Odeon, SilverCity, Galaxy Cinemas, Scotiabank Theatres, Cineplex Cinemas and Cineplex VIP Cinemas. It also owns and operates the UltraAVX, Poptopia and Outtakes brands. 	Cineplex Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	11000	January 1, 2011
CGX.DB.A	nul	Cineplex Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	--	
CPH	Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on dermatology. The Company acquires products that fulfill medical needs, manages the required clinical development and regulatory approval process, and markets those products either directly or through partners. The Company's dermatology products include Sitavig, Absorica, Epuris, Beteflam, Dermadexin, Pruridexin, Ozenoxacin, CF101, ASF-1096 and Nanolipolee-007. The Company's other products include Lipofen, Conzip and Durela. 	Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	13	January 9, 2004
CNU	CNOOC Limited is an investment holding company. The Company is principally engaged in the exploration, development, production and sale of crude oil, natural gas and other petroleum products. The Company operates through three segments: exploration and production, trading business and corporate. The Company is engaged in the upstream operating activities of the conventional oil and gas, shale oil and gas, oil sands and other unconventional oil and gas business. The Company's core operation areas are Bohai, Western South China Sea, Eastern South China Sea and East China Sea in offshore China. Overseas, the Company has oil and gas assets in Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Oceania and Europe. 	CNOOC Ltd			21046	August 20, 1999
CTF.UN	Citadel Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. Citadel Income Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with a stable stream of monthly distributions and to preserve and potentially enhance the net asset value of the Fund. The Fund seeks to achieve these objectives by investing in a diversified portfolio of securities consisting of equity securities of principally larger capitalization companies traded on a recognized stock exchange; debt securities, with a minimum of 80% of debt security investments in investment grade debt rated BBB or higher, and income funds, each of which has, at the date of investment by the Fund, a market capitalization, excluding control positions, of $400 million. Artemis Investment Management Limited is the investment fund manager of the Fund (the Manager). The Fund's portfolio is managed by Vestcap Investment Management Inc. (the Portfolio Advisor). 	Citadel Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CVG	Clairvest Group Inc. (Clairvest) is a Canada-based provider of private equity financing to mid-market companies. The Company actively seeks to form mutually beneficial investments with entrepreneurial corporations. Clairvest invests its own capital, and that of third-parties, through Clairvest Equity Partners Limited Partnership, Clairvest Equity Partners III Limited Partnership, Clairvest Equity Partners IV Limited Partnership, Clairvest Equity Partners IV-A Limited Partnership, Clairvest Equity Partners V Limited Partnership and Clairvest Equity Partners V-A Limited Partnership. It invests in industry sectors, such as gaming, equipment rental, contract manufacturing, outdoor advertising and waste management. Clairvest partners with management to invest in profitable, small and mid-sized companies with the goal of helping to build value in the business and generate long-term financial returns for investors. The Company invests in Canada, Chile and the United States regions. 	Clairvest Group Inc	Financials	Investment Services	27	February 4, 1987
CCS.PR.C	Co-Operators General Insurance Company (CGIC) is a Canada-based Canadian-owned multi-product insurance and financial services company. The Company provides home, automobile, farm and commercial insurance products to individuals and businesses through its distribution network. It provides property and casualty insurance in Canada. The Company operates through three main operating companies: CGIC, which distributes personal and commercial insurance products through its financial advisor network with 2,596 licensed insurance representatives throughout Canada; Sovereign General Insurance Company, which writes commercial, marine and special risk insurance and distributes it through independent brokers across Canada, and COSECO Insurance Company, which provides home and auto insurance to employer, association and affinity groups across Canada. The Company's parent company is Cooperators Financial Services Limited (CFSL) and its ultimate parent is the Cooperators Group Limited (CGL). 	Co-Operators General Insurance Co	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	2580	October 31, 1995
CRJ	Claude Resources Inc. is a Canada-based gold producer. The Company is also engaged in the exploration and development of gold mineral reserves and mineral resources. The Company's asset base is located in Canada. It owns 100% of Seabee Gold Operation, located in northern Saskatchewan and also owns 100% of the Amisk Gold Project in northeastern Saskatchewan. The Company's mineral property portfolio includes the Seabee Mine and Santoy Mine Complex, which are both producing gold mines, and a portfolio of exploration properties located in the Province of Saskatchewan. The Company has assembled the majority of its property portfolio in and around the Seabee and Santoy Mines, including the Santoy Gap deposit, Neptune and Porky Lake exploration projects, and Amisk Gold Property in Saskatchewan. It has two wholly owned subsidiaries: 4158849 Canada Ltd. and Madsen Gold Corporation. 	Claude Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	320	January 1, 2000
CDM.WT	nul	Coeur Mining Inc			--	
CKI	Clarke Inc. (Clarke) is a Canada-based investment company. The Company's objective is to maximize shareholder value. The Company generally invests in industries that have assets, including manufacturing, industrial, energy and real estate businesses. Clarke owns one facility with a land lease and two parcels of land that are held for investment purposes. 	Clarke Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	66	December 9, 1997
CLR	Clearwater Seafoods Incorporated (Clearwater) is a seafood company. The Company is engaged in the ownership and operation of assets and property in connection with the harvesting, processing, distribution and marketing of seafood. Clearwater harvests and/or procures six shellfish species, including scallops both Canadian and Argentine, lobster, clams, coldwater shrimp, crab and groundfish. The Company operates in Canada, the United States, Europe, Asia and Argentina. Clearwater directly and through its subsidiaries operates 10 (eight active) factory vessels and five shore-based processing plants. The Company's subsidiaries include Clearwater Fine Foods (Europe) Limited, Clearwater Fine Foods (USA) Inc. and Clearwater Seafoods Holdings Incorporated. 	Clearwater Seafoods Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	1400	July 7, 2011
CCA	Cogeco Communications Inc, formerly Cogeco Cable Inc, is a Canada-based telecommunications company. It operates into three segments: Canadian cable services, American cable services and Enterprise data services. The Canadian and American cable services segments provide a wide range of Television, High Speed Internet (HSI) and Telephony services primarily to residential customers. The Canadian cable services activities are carried out by Cogeco Cable Canada in the Provinces of Quebec and Ontario and the American cable services activities are carried out by Atlantic Broadband in Western Pennsylvania, South Florida, Maryland/Delaware and South Carolina. The Enterprise data services segment provides through its data centers collocation, managed and dedicated hosting, managed IT and cloud services to small, medium and large enterprises and public sector customers as well as a full suite of connectivity services. Its competitors are DirecTV Inc, Dish Network, AT&T and Comcast, among others. 	Cogeco Communications Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	4500	March 24, 1992
CGO	COGECO Inc. is a diversified holding corporation. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates in two segments: Cable and other. The Cable segment provides a range of Analogue and Digital Television, HSI and Telephony services primarily to residential customers. It also provides business services, including data networking, Ethernet, hosting, high speed Internet (HIS) access and Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services, to small and medium sized businesses. The segment also provides data center, managed IT and connectivity services for medium and large enterprises and public sector customers, and high-performance Ethernet broadband connectivity services to carriers. The Other segment is comprised of radio, advertising transit businesses, head office activities, as well as inter-segment eliminations. 	COGECO Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	4700	July 24, 1957
GCL	Colabor Group Inc. (Colabor) is a distributor and master food wholesaler serving the foodservice (restaurants, hotels and cafeterias) and retail markets (small-sized grocery stores and convenience stores). The Company operates in two segments: Distribution Segment and Wholesale Segment. The Distribution Segment includes operating activities, such as Summit Foodservice, which offers products, such as frozen products, dry staples, dairy products, meat, seafood; Skor Cash & Carry Division, which offers retail and food service products to convenience stores; Colabor Food Distributor, which consists of restaurants, foodservice operators, specialty food stores; Les P&#234;cheries Norref Quebec Inc., which distributes fresh and frozen fish and seafood, and Lauzon Meats is a distributor of Cargill beef brands. The Wholesale Segment includes Boucherville Distribution Centre and Viandes Decarie. It operates in three divisions, which includes Ontario, Central Quebec, and Eastern Quebec and Maritimes. 	Colabor Group Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	1580	November 1, 2009
GCL.DB.A	nul	Colabor Group Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
YCM	Commerce Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company's investment objective is to provide holders of the preferred shares with fixed cumulative preferential monthly cash dividends. The Company invests in common shares of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (the Bank). Quadravest Capital Management Inc. is the manager and investment manager for the Company. 	Commerce Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	November 27, 2006
CMZ.UN	COMPASS Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The investment objective of the Fund is to provide unitholders with a stable stream of monthly distributions. The Fund's investment portfolio includes preferred shares; fixed income securities, including bonds, debentures, commercial paper, corporate notes, medium term notes and other debt securities; common shares; units of ongoing business funds, pipeline or energy distribution funds, power generation funds and real estate investment trusts, as well as income deposit securities, and other securities, including equity investments in private enterprises. The Fund has investments in various sectors, such as real estate, energy, financials, pipelines, industrials, consumer discretionary, utilities, cash and short-term investments, and other assets. Middlefield Limited is the trustee and manager of the Fund. The co-advisors of the Fund are Middlefield Capital Corporation and Guardian Capital LP. 	COMPASS Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CIG	Colliers International Group Inc. is engaged in commercial real estate services with more than 16,300 professionals operating from 502 offices in 67 countries. Colliers professionals provide a range of services to real estate occupiers, owners and investors worldwide. Services include brokerage, global corporate solutions, investment sales and capital markets, project management and workplace solutions, property and asset management, consulting, valuation and appraisal services, and customized research and thought leadership. 	Colliers International Group Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	10035	July 31, 1988
YCM.PR.A	nul	Commerce Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CUF.UN	Cominar Real Estate Investment Trust is a diversified real estate investment trust (REIT) in Canada. The Company owns and manages a portfolio of approximately 563 properties, including 136 office buildings, 196 retail buildings and 231 industrial and mixed-use buildings located in Quebec, Ontario, the Atlantic Provinces and Western Canada, representing a total leasable area of 45.3 million square feet. The Company's real estate portfolio is diversified among three sectors, which include office, retail and industrial and mixed-use. The Company's objectives are to pay growing cash distributions to unitholders and to maximize unitholder value through management and the expansion of its portfolio. Its portfolio of properties include 4635 1re Avenue, 5055 Wilfrid-Hamel Ouest Blvd, 2014 Cyrille-Duquet St, 455 du Marais St, 355 du Marais St, 3323 du Carrefour St, 8500 Henri-Bourassa Blvd, 1990 Cyrille-Duquet St, 2025 Lavoisier St, 1515 Saint-Jean-Baptiste Ave and 280 Racine St, among others. 	Cominar Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	470	April 7, 1998
CGT	Columbus Gold Corporation is a gold exploration and development company. The Company's principal business activities are the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. Its activities are carried out in French Guiana and Nevada. It is principally focused on gold. The Company is developing its 100% owned Paul Isnard gold project, which hosts the 4.3 M ounce Montagne d'Or gold deposit. The Eastside Project is located in Western Nevada, approximately 32 kilometers from the town of Tonopah. The Company controls a 100% interest in the Eastside Project. The Company controls a 100% interest in the Bolo project which is located approximately 60 kilometers northeast of Tonopah, Nevada. 	Columbus Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 29, 2003
YCM.PR.B	nul	Commerce Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CXR	Concordia Healthcare Corp. is a Canada-based diverse healthcare company. The Company is focused on legacy pharmaceutical products and orphan drugs. The Company operates through three segments, which includes Legacy Pharmaceutical Division, Concordia Pharmaceuticals Inc., which consists of 23 products, including Nilandron, for the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer; Dibenzyline, for the treatment of pheochromocytoma; Lanoxin, for the treatment of mild-to-moderate heart failure and atrial fibrillation; Plaquenil, for the treatment of lupus and rheumatoid arthritis; Donnatal, for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome, and Zonegran (zonisamide), for treatment of partial seizures in adults with epilepsy. Its Specialty Healthcare Distribution (SHD) Division, Complete Medical Homecare, is engaged in the distribution of medical supplies focused on diabetes and related conditions. Its Orphan Drugs Division, Concordia Laboratories Inc., is engaged in the manufacture of PHOTOFRIN. 	Concordia Healthcare Corp	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	214	January 20, 2010
CMG	Computer Modelling Group Ltd. (CMG) is Canada-based computer software technology company engaged in serving the oil and gas industry. The Company is a supplier of advanced processes reservoir modeling software with a client base of international oil companies and technology centers in over 50 countries. It has 550 oil and gas companies and consulting firms in more than 55 countries. The Companys software products include STARS, GEM, IMEX, CMOST and BUILDER. The Company also provides professional services consisting of highly specialized support, consulting, training, and contract research activities. CMG has sales and technical support services based in Calgary, Houston, London, Caracas, Dubai, Bogota and Kuala Lumpur. The Company operates in only one segment being the development and licensing of reservoir simulation software. Computer Modelling Group Inc., CMG Venezuela, CMG Middle East FZ LLC and CMG (Europe) Limited are the companys subsidiaries. 	Computer Modelling Group Ltd	Technology	Software	208	October 18, 1996
CPI	Condor Petroleum Inc. (Condor) is a Canada-based oil and gas company engaged in exploration and production activities in the Republic of Kazakhstan. Condor has a 100% interest in the exploration rights to the 3,777 square kilometer Zharkamys West 1 Territory located in Kazakhstans Pre-Caspian basin. It also supplies other minerals and metals, such as uranium, copper, gold and zinc. It also has a large agricultural sector featuring livestock and grain. The Company has acquired 2,532 square kilometer of high fold, high resolution 3D seismic and both pre-stack time migration and pre-stack depth migration processing has been completed, providing excellent subsurface imaging of Zharkamys. Condors exploration portfolio is comprised of 66 prospects, ranging from shallow Cretaceous to deep Devonian targets. 	Condor Petroleum Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	102	October 20, 2006
CFF	Conifex Timber Inc. is a Canada-based forestry company. The Company operates two business segments: Lumber and Bioenergy. The primary activities of the Lumber segment include timber harvesting, reforestation, forest management, sawmilling logs into lumber and wood chips and value added lumber finishing. The Lumber segment operates two sawmills in the interior region of British Columbia. The primary activities of the Bioenergy segment are the development of a power generation project at Mackenzie, British Columbia and the development of other opportunities in bioenergy and bio products, which are complementary to the Company's harvesting and manufacturing operations. The Company markets and distributes its lumber products through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Conifex Fibre Marketing Inc., Lignum Forest Products LLP and Navcor Transportation Services Inc. 	Conifex Timber Inc	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	--	May 17, 2007
CXA.B	Consolidated HCI Holdings Corporation (CHCI) is a Canada-based real estate development company. The Company operates through three segments: the construction and operation of investment properties; the construction and sale of residential units, and the investment in syndicated mortgage loans. The Company's activities include the leasing of approximately two investment properties in Vaughan, Ontario, including a multi-unit, which is approximately 50% owned industrial/commercial building and over 50% owned rental building leased as a fast food outlet. The Company also invests in syndicated mortgage loans, which are secured by real property developments of other land developers and builders. The Company operates in southern Ontario, in the Greater Toronto Area and surrounding communities. 	Consolidated HCI Holdings Corporation	Financials	Real Estate Operations	9	September 21, 1977
CZQ	Continental Precious Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based multi-mineral exploration company. The Company's business focus is to acquire and explore mineral properties in Sweden for uranium and other metals, including nickel, copper, zinc, vanadium and molybdenum. It has around 72 mineral exploration licenses throughout the country, of which around 13 licenses are for conventional hard rock uranium deposits and prospects, and around 59 covers multi-mineral sediment deposits and prospects hosted in alum shale formations. It has ownership in around 21 mineral exploration licenses in Sweden, being the black shale hosted Viken Uranium Polymetallic Project, which is located approximately 650 kilometers north of Stockholm in central Sweden (the Viken Project). It hosts several mines, including Kiruna, the underground iron-ore mine and Aitik, an open pit copper mine with reserves of approximately 240 million tons. It commenced a two-hole diamond drilling program on the DOK Property. 	Continental Precious Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	July 7, 1987
CSU	Constellation Software Inc. (Constellation) is a Canada-based company, engaged in acquiring, managing and building vertical market software (VMS) businesses. The Company operates through two segments: public sector and private sector. The public sector segment, which includes business units focused primarily on Government and Government-related customers. Its public sector segment includes Volaris, Harris and TSS Operating Groups. The private sector segment, which includes business units focused primarily on commercial customers. Its private sector segment includes Jonas, Perseus and Vela Operating Groups. The Company is engaged in the development, installation and customization of software relating to the markets, which include asset management, municipal systems, public transit operators, lease management, window manufacturers, winery management, food services and metal service centers, among others. It is also engaged in the provision of professional services and support. 	Constellation Software Inc	Technology	Software	3738	August 23, 1995
CLC	Connacher Oil and Gas Limited is a Canada-based oil sands producer, developer and marketer of bitumen. The Company's principal assets are a 100% working interest in approximately 87,000 net acres of oil sands leases, which are situated in the Great Divide oil sands project in Northern Alberta, south of Fort McMurray. The Company holds a 100% interest in approximately 440 million barrels of proved and probable bitumen reserves, and operates two steam-assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) facilities located on the Company's Great Divide oil sands leases near Fort McMurray, Alberta. Connacher's two producing projects at Great Divide are known as Pod One and Algar. A total of around 23 SAGD well pairs and approximately 13 infill wells are located at Pod One. A total of around 18 SAGD well pairs are located at Algar. 	Connacher Oil and Gas Ltd	Energy	Integrated Oil & Gas	168	July 3, 1997
OCV.UN	Convertible Debentures Income Fund is a Canada-based investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives include preserving capital, providing unitholders with capital appreciation and providing unitholders with monthly distributions. The Fund provides investors with an investment, including publicly traded convertible debentures of Canadian and global issuers. These securities include convertible debentures and convertible preferred and mandatory convertible securities, as well as other publicly traded income securities. O'Leary Funds Management LP is the manager (the Manager) and trustee (the Trustee) of the Fund. 	Convertible Debentures Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 27, 2010
CSU.DB	nul	Constellation Software Inc	Technology	Software	--	
CNL	Continental Gold Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of principally gold resource properties in Colombia. The Company holds the rights to explore approximately one advanced-stage gold project and over three early-stage projects in Colombia totaling approximately 162,930 hectares of exploration and exploitation rights. Its Buritica project encompasses an aggregate area of over 61,780 hectares of exploration and exploitation rights, and is located approximately 80 kilometers northwest of Medellin in the Antioquia Department of north-western Colombia. Its other projects include the Berlin project, covering an aggregate area of over 38,100 hectares of exploration rights; the Dojura project, covering an aggregate area of over 40,740 hectares of exploration rights, and the Dominical project, covering an aggregate area of over 25,890 hectares of exploration rights. 	Continental Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	400	April 27, 2015
CUM	Copper Mountain Mining Corporation is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is a mid-tier copper-gold producing company engaged in the exploration of mineral properties. The Company owns 75% of the Copper Mountain mine through a subsidiary. Its projects include Copper Mountain mine, Fenton property and Axe Property. The Copper Mountain mine is situated 20 kilometers south of Princeton, British Columbia and 300 kilometers east of the port of Vancouver. The Copper Mountain mine covers an area of approximately 6,702 hectares. The Fenton property is a gold-silver-zinc project, situated 30 kilometers south of Houston, British Columbia. The Axe Property is a copper-gold porphyry project that is located approximately 20 kilometers north of Princeton, British Columbia. 	Copper Mountain Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	April 20, 2006
CSW.A	Corby Spirit and Wine Limited, formerly Corby Distilleries Limited, is a marketer of spirits and imported wines. Its segments include Case Goods and Commissions. The Case Goods segment produces and distributes the Company's beverage alcohol brands. The Commissions segment represents non-owned beverage alcohol brands in Canada. The Company is affiliated with Pernod Ricard S.A. (PR). Its portfolio of owned-brands includes J.P. Wiser's Canadian whisky, Lamb's rum, Polar Ice vodka and McGuinness liqueurs. Through its affiliation with PR, the Company also represents international brands, such as Absolut vodka, Chivas Regal, The Glenlivet and Ballantine's Scotch whiskies, Jameson Irish whiskey, Beefeater gin, Malibu rum, Kahlua liqueur, Mumm champagne, and Jacob's Creek, Wyndham Estate, Stoneleigh, Campo Viejo, Graffigna and Kenwood Vineyards wines. Its products are also exported for sale to the United States, Europe and other international markets. 	Corby Spirit and Wine Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	172	January 23, 1979
CDD.UN	nul	Core Canadian Dividend Trust			--	
COP	Coro Mining Corp is a Canada-based exploration/development-stage mining company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties located in Chile. The Company's properties include Berta Property, El Desesperado Property, Payen Property, Prat Plant, El Inca Property, Marimaca Property, Celeste Property, Llancahue Property, Chacay Property and San Jorge Property. Its Berta Property is approximately 510 hectares in area and located over 20 kilometers west of the village of Inca de Oro in Chile. Its El Desesperado Property is approximately 700 hectares in area and is located in Region II of Chile. Its Payen Property is approximately 1,225 hectares exploration property in Chile. Its El Inca Property is approximately 1,710 hectares property located over four kilometers northeast of the village of Inca de Oro, in the III Region of Chile. Its Marimaca Property is located approximately 60 kilometers North of Antofagasta and over 20 kilometers from the coast at Mejillones. 	Coro Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	10	September 22, 2004
CSW.B	Corby Spirit and Wine Limited, formerly Corby Distilleries Limited, is a marketer of spirits and imported wines. Its segments include Case Goods and Commissions. The Case Goods segment produces and distributes the Company's beverage alcohol brands. The Commissions segment represents non-owned beverage alcohol brands in Canada. The Company is affiliated with Pernod Ricard S.A. (PR). Its portfolio of owned-brands includes J.P. Wiser's Canadian whisky, Lamb's rum, Polar Ice vodka and McGuinness liqueurs. Through its affiliation with PR, the Company also represents international brands, such as Absolut vodka, Chivas Regal, The Glenlivet and Ballantine's Scotch whiskies, Jameson Irish whiskey, Beefeater gin, Malibu rum, Kahlua liqueur, Mumm champagne, and Jacob's Creek, Wyndham Estate, Stoneleigh, Campo Viejo, Graffigna and Kenwood Vineyards wines. Its products are also exported for sale to the United States, Europe and other international markets. 	Corby Spirit and Wine Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Distillers & Wineries	172	January 23, 1979
PNT	Cpi Card Group Inc is a United States-based global provider of payment solutions, including card production, card personalization, mobile technologies and fulfillment services. It manufactures secured contactless smart cards and provides Financial Institutions with a range of products, including, contactless smart card using radio-frequency identification (RFID), contactless RFID stickers, Europay, MasterCard and Visa (EMV) cards, MicroSD, contactless physical access cards and contactless FOB. The Companys packaging services include card and package design, card manufacturing and personalization, secure packaging and distribution for multiple industries. It offers a suite of solutions for smart card programs in the financial, commercial, transit and government sectors. The Company offers a range of mailing and fulfillment solutions to compliment any type of card program. Its mailing and fulfillment solutions include packaging, personalization and fulfillment. 	CPI Card Group Inc			1230	June 4, 2007
CDH	Corridor Resources Inc. (Corridor's) is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for and development and production of petroleum and natural gas onshore in New Brunswick and Quebec and offshore in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. The Company has natural gas production and reserves in the McCully Field near Sussex, New Brunswick. In addition, the Company has discovered unrecoverable resources in Elgin, New Brunswick and a 21.67% interest in Anticosti Hydrocarbons. Corridor's operations are focused on four principal properties, which include the McCully Field, which is located approximately 12 kilometers northeast of Sussex, New Brunswick; the Elgin Sub-Basin, which is located in the Moncton basin in southeastern New Brunswick; Anticosti Island, Quebec and the Gulf of St. Lawrence. Corridor holds an interest of approximately 21.67% in over 1,530,943 gross acres in Anticosti Island. 	Corridor Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	17	March 25, 1995
BCB	Cott Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is engaged in production of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. The Company operates in three segments: North America, United Kingdom and All Other. The Company is also engaged in home and office bottled water and office coffee services distribution in the United States. The Company's product lines include carbonated soft drinks (CSDs), 100% shelf stable juice and juice-based products, clear, still and sparkling flavored waters, energy drinks and shots, sports products, new age beverages, ready-to-drink teas and alcoholic beverages, beverage concentrates, liquid enhancers and freezables, as well as hot chocolate, coffee, malt drinks, creamers/whiteners and cereals. The Company's has approximately 62 beverage manufacturing, production, distribution and fruit processing facilities. 	Cott Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Beverages - Non-Alcoholic	9500	December 31, 2006
COX.UN	Coxe Commodity Strategy Fund is a Canada-based closed-ended investment fund trust. The Fund's objective is to provide investors with long-term capital growth. The Fund invests in portfolio consisting of equity securities. The Fund provides exposures to commodity-related securities in the agriculture, base metals and steel, and precious metals sectors. Coxe Advisors LLP is the Fund's advisor. The Fund's portfolio manager is BMO Asset Management Corp and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. is the Administrator of the Fund. 	Coxe Commodity Strategy Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
CCV	CounterPath Corporation designs, develops and sells software and services that enable enterprises and telecommunication service providers to deliver unified communications (UC) services, including voice, video, messaging and collaboration functionality, over their Internet Protocol (IP) based networks. The Company focuses on the design, development, marketing and sales of personal computer and mobile communications application software, conferencing software, gateway server software and related professional services, such as pre and post sales, technical support and customization services. The Company's software products include softphones for smartphones, tablets and desktop computers and Stretto Platform server software for the centralized provisioning of softphones, advanced analytics and mobile network integration. The Company's products are sold into the Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) market primarily to telecom service providers, channel partners and businesses. 	CounterPath Corp			--	April 18, 2003
CJR.B	Corus Entertainment Inc. is a communications and entertainment company. The Company operates through two operating segments: Television and Radio. The Television segment is comprised of specialty television networks, pay television services, three conventional television stations and the Corus content business, which consists of the production and distribution of films and television programs, merchandise licensing, publishing and animation software. The Companys multimedia entertainment brands include YTV; Treehouse; Nickelodeon (Canada); W Network; OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network (Canada); W Movies; Sundance Channel (Canada); Movie Central (including HBO Canada and Encore Avenue); Nelvana; Kids Can Press; and Toon Boom. The Radio segment comprises 37 radio stations, situated primarily in high-growth urban centres in English Canada, with a concentration in the densely populated area of Southern Ontario. 	Corus Entertainment Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	2037	March 3, 1998
CPG	Crescent Point Energy Corp. (Crescent Point) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company is an oil and gas producer with assets comprising light and medium oil and natural gas reserves in Western Canada and the United States. The Company's primary assets are the shares in Crescent Point Holdings Inc. (CPHI), interest in the Partnership (CPHI and the Company) and shares in Crescent Point U.S. Holdings Corp. (CPUSH) and, indirectly, in Crescent Point Energy U.S. Corp. (CPEUS). Its crude oil and natural gas properties and related assets are located in the provinces of Saskatchewan, Alberta and Manitoba and the states of North Dakota, Montana, Colorado and Utah. The Company's properties in Canada include Viewfield Bakken Resource Play, Flat Lake Torquay and Bakken Resource Play, Shaunavon Resource Play and Saskatchewan Viking Light Oil Resource Play. Its properties in the United States include the Utah Uinta Basin Resource Play. 	Crescent Point Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	1072	August 2, 2001
KOR	Corvus Gold Inc. (Corvus) is an exploration-stage mineral exploration company. The Company acquires, explores and develops mineral properties. The Company holds or has the right to acquire interests in mineral properties in Alaska and Nevada, including the North Bullfrog project (NBP), which is its sole material mineral property. Its exploration activities are conducted in the United States and Canada. The NBP is a gold exploration project which is owned by the Company. The NBP is located in northwestern Nye County, Nevada. The NBP consists of leased, patented and unpatented mining claims covering an area of around 75 square kilometers. It has non-core assets in Alaska, which include Chisna project, which covers an area of around 965 square kilometers in the Chistochina Mining District of south-central Alaska; LMS project, which consists of around 92 contiguous State of Alaska mining claims, and West Pogo property, which consists of around 96 Alaska State mining claims. 	Corvus Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 13, 2010
CTX	Crescita Therapeutics Inc. is a drug development company. The Company is focused in the areas of pain and dermatology. The Company owns various drug delivery platforms that support the development of formulations that can facilitate the delivery of active drugs into or through the skin. The Company's product pipeline candidates include Flexicain, which is a topical formulation of lidocaine and tetracaine for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy, such as post herpetic neuralgia or diabetic peripheral neuropathy; IBUFOAM for the treatment of acute pain, and Terbinafine solution for the treatment of onychomycosis. The Company's product, Pliaglis is a topical anesthetic cream indicated for providing topical local analgesia for superficial dermatological and cosmetic procedures, such as dermal filler injection, pulsed dye laser therapy, facial laser resurfacing and laser-assisted tattoo removal. Pliaglis is available in the United States, Canada and Mexico. 	Crescita Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	March 1, 2016
CJR.R	Corus Entertainment Inc. is a communications and entertainment company. The Company operates through two operating segments: Television and Radio. The Television segment is comprised of specialty television networks, pay television services, three conventional television stations and the Corus content business, which consists of the production and distribution of films and television programs, merchandise licensing, publishing and animation software. The Companys multimedia entertainment brands include YTV; Treehouse; Nickelodeon (Canada); W Network; OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network (Canada); W Movies; Sundance Channel (Canada); Movie Central (including HBO Canada and Encore Avenue); Nelvana; Kids Can Press; and Toon Boom. The Radio segment comprises 37 radio stations, situated primarily in high-growth urban centres in English Canada, with a concentration in the densely populated area of Southern Ontario. 	Corus Entertainment Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	2037	March 3, 1998
CAG.UN	Coxe Global Agribusiness Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of Units with the opportunity for long term capital growth; quarterly distributions and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would be experienced by owning securities of publicly-listed securities of issuers (Agribusiness Issuers) directly. It invests in a diversified portfolio (the Portfolio) of Agribusiness Issuers engaged in various aspects of agriculture, including food production, such as grains and livestock, agriculture equipment and sales, fertilizers, seed and specialty chemicals and agriculture infrastructure, including water, energy and alternative energy, transportation, agriculture technology and biotechnology related to the agribusiness industry. It also includes exchange-traded equities, but may include exchange-traded funds, debt, cash or cash equivalents. Its Investment Manager is BMO Asset Management Corp. 	Coxe Global Agribusiness Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 28, 2011
CIU.PR.C	nul	CU Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	
CR	Crew Energy Inc. is an oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company conducts its operations in the Western Canadian Sedimentary basin, primarily in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan. Crew Oil and Gas Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and has three partnerships, including Crew Energy Partnership, Crew Heavy Oil Partnership and Crew Conventional Partnership. The Company offers light/medium oil; princess oil; Lloydminster oil; natural gas liquids, and natural gas. 	Crew Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	71	December 31, 2011
CRH	CRH Medical Corporation is a Canada-based company that specializes in the treatment of hemorrhoids utilizing its treatment protocol and technology. The Company is focused on providing physicians with products and services for the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases. The Company operates in two industry segments: the sale of medical products and the provision of anesthesia services. The Company's product distribution strategy focuses on physician education, patient outcomes, and patient awareness. The Company's first product, the CRH O'Regan System, is a single use, disposable, hemorrhoid banding technology for treating hemorrhoid grades I-IV. It principally operates in the United States. The Company provides anesthesia services through a number of subsidiaries, such as Gastroenterology Anesthesia Services LLC and Johns Creek Anesthesia LLC. 	CRH Medical Corp	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	37	April 21, 2001
CRT.UN	CT Real Estate Investment Trust is an unincorporated, closed end real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in e ownership and operation of commercial properties primarily located in Canada. The Company's portfolio comprises over 278 properties totaling over 20 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA), consisting primarily of retail properties located across Canada. The Company's properties portfolio comprises standalone; multi-tenant properties; distribution centers, and development properties located in Whitehorse, Castlega, Langley, Penticton, Athabasca, Saskatoon, Alexandria, Melfort, Yorkton, Steinbach and Edmonton, among others. 	CT Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	July 15, 2013
CCZ	Critical Control Energy Services Corp, formerly CriticalControl Solutions Corp, is a Canada-based provider of oil and gas software and services. The Company provides solutions for the collection, control and analysis of measurement and operational data related to oil and gas wells across North American upstream industry. It provides services to capture the data, and cloud-based software to visualize and manage the data. The Company's production data management solutions and services include ProChart, a digital gas chart integration and reporting solution; NetFlow, a Web supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) solution; SmartEFM, a bundled enterprise feedback management (EFM) solution; ProTrend, a composition analysis management and meter calibration solution; ProMonitor Measurement Schematics solution; Promonitor Pipeline Integrity Management solution; OneCall Manager, and production accounting/financial accounting (PA/FA) services. 	Critical Control Energy Services Corp	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	379	August 20, 1999
CRR.DB.D	nul	Crombie Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
KWH.UN	Crius Energy Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based open-ended limited purpose trust. The Trust has been established to provide investors with a distribution-producing investment through its 26.8% ownership interest in Crius Energy, LLC by the Trust's indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Crius Energy Corporation (US Holdco). Crius Energy, LLC is engaged in providing electricity, natural gas and solar products to residential and commercial customers. 	Crius Energy Trust	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
CRN	Crown Capital Partners, Inc. is a Canada-based specialty investment manager providing alternative debt financing for private equity backed and non-sponsored middle market transactions from offices in Toronto and Calgary. The Company specializes in financing solutions featuring subordinated term and bridge loans for acquisitions, management buy-outs, growth financings and recapitalizations. The Company invests $5 million to $25 million in any one transaction and is capable of financing significantly larger transactions. 	Crown Capital Partners Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	September 8, 1999
CRR.UN	Crombie Real Estate Investment Trust (Crombie) is an unincorporated open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). Crombie invests in income-producing retail, office and mixed use properties in Canada, with a growth strategy focused primarily on the acquisition of grocery-anchored and drug store-anchored retail properties. Crombie owns a portfolio of 255 commercial properties in 10 provinces, comprising approximately 17.4 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). Crombie instituted a distribution reinvestment plan (DRIP) whereby Canadian resident REIT unitholders may elect to automatically have their distributions reinvested in additional REIT units. Its REIT portfolio includes Aberdeen Business Centre, Barrington Place, Brunswick Place, Kenmount Business Centre, Barrington Tower, CIBC Building, Amherst Centre, Avalon Mall, County Fair Mall, 1 Avenue NW Safeway, 2 Avenue West Safeway, 11200 8th Street Safeway, 2nd Avenue West Safeway and 13th Avenue, among others. 	Crombie Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
CIU.PR.A	CU Inc. is a Canada-based holding company. The Company consists of natural gas and electricity transmission and distribution companies (the Utilities). The Utilities segment includes three regulated business operations: electricity distribution and transmission by ATCO Electric Ltd., and its subsidiaries, Northland Utilities (NWT) Limited (NWT), Northland Utilities (Yellowknife) Limited (NUY), and ATCO Electric Yukon (AEY); natural gas distribution by the ATCO Gas division of ATCO Gas and Pipelines Ltd. (AGP), and natural gas transmission by the ATCO Pipelines division of AGP. ATCO Electric, NUY, NWT and AEY own and operate a range of electricity transmission and distribution systems. The systems consist of approximately 11,000 kilometers of transmission lines and 71,000 kilometers of distribution lines. They own and operate 27 diesel, natural gas turbine and hydro-generating plants. ATCO Gas distributes natural gas throughout Alberta and in the Lloydminster area of Saskatchewan. 	CU Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Multiline	--	March 12, 1999
CRR.DB.E	nul	Crombie Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
CWI	Crosswinds Holdings Inc., formerly C.A. Bancorp Inc., is a Canada-based merchant bank and alternative asset manager. The Company focuses on the insurance industry that provides investors with access to a range of private equity and other alternative asset class investment opportunities. The Company invests in small- and middle- capitalization public and private companies, with emphasis on the industrials, infrastructure and financial services sectors. The Companys investments are either Direct Investments or through entities managed by it (Asset Management). 	Crosswinds Holdings Inc	Financials	Investment Services	2	March 29, 2005
CXI.S	nul	Currency Exchange International Corp			--	
CXI	Currency Exchange International, Corp. (CXI) provides currency exchange and related products to banks, travel companies, and to clients. Its primary business lines are retail and wholesale foreign exchange. The company's products include foreign currency exchange, travelers' checks (USD and foreign), foreign check clearing, issuing foreign bank drafts and international wire payments. The Company provides products through its branches and inventory on consignment locations, throughout the United States and Canada, by utilizing the Company's proprietary online software system, CEIFX. CEIFX is also an on-line compliance and risk management tool. It provides services to various financial institutions, corporations, travel companies, Money Service Businesses, and other hospitality related companies. 	Currency Exchange International Corp			66	April 7, 1998
CYB	Cymbria Corporation (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation through a concentrated portfolio of global equities and an investment in EdgePoint Wealth Management Inc. (EdgePoint Wealth), which offers mutual funds, institutional and other investments through financial advisors. The Company invested in a collection of 37 different business ideas, including a 20.7% ownership stake in EdgePoint. The Company invests primarily in global companies that have competitive positions and long-term growth prospects. EdgePoint Investment Group Inc. is the manager and investment advisor of the Fund. 	Cymbria Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	September 4, 2008
CTH	Cynapsus Therapeutics Inc. is a Canada-based clinical-stage, specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing a sublingual thin filmstrip to manage OFF episodes associated with Parkinsons disease. The Company's drug candidate is APL-130277, which is a reformulation of apomorphine. The drug is an approved acute drug in the United States, Europe, Japan and other countries. The Company completed a CTH-105 Phase II clinical trial comprising approximately 16 people with Parkinson's disease. 	Cynapsus Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	6	March 15, 2006
DBO	D-BOX Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based motion technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and commercializes motion systems for the entertainment and industrial markets. The Company focuses on two markets: the entertainment market and the industrial market. The Company's entertainment market consists of motion systems installed in commercial theatres and home entertainment consumer products particularly video games and home theatres. The Company's industrial market consists of products for amusement parks, arcades, museums and planetariums, and for simulation and training/virtual reality. The Company supplies its motion systems to renowned integrators in various industries, such as racing and flight simulation, casinos, industrial simulation, Governmental, institutional, museums, arcades and therapeutic, among others. 	D-Box Technologies Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Entertainment Production	82	June 19, 1998
HYB.UN	DDJ High Yield Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment trust. The Funds primary investment objective is to provide investors with a high level of current income distributed quarterly over the life of the Fund while preserving capital for distribution to unit holders upon termination of the Fund. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of high-yield debt securities, which may include fixed income securities, preferred securities and derivative instruments. The manager of the Fund is CI Investments Inc. Its investment advisor is DDJ Capital Management, LLC. 	DDJ High Yield Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
DNA	Dalradian Resources Inc. is a Canada-based gold development and exploration company. The Company is engaged in the selection, acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of mineral properties. Its focus is to develop the Curraghinalt gold deposit. Curraghinalt hosts an NI 43-101 compliant, including measured mineral resource of 0.02 metric ton (MT) grading 20.15 grams per ton (g/t) gold for 15,000 contained ounces; indicated mineral resource of 2.98 MT grading 10.34 g/t gold for 989,000 contained ounces, and inferred mineral resource of 8.01 MT grading 9.67 g/t gold for 2,490,000 contained ounces. Curraghinalt consists of around 12 primary gold-bearing veins, ranging in width from less than a few centimeters to more than three meters. 	Dalradian Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	50	March 27, 2009
DL	Danier Leather Inc. is a Canada-based specialty-apparel leather retailer. The Company is engaged in the leather apparel and accessory business. It offers various styles of leather clothing and accessories for women and men. The Company offers leather garments, handbags and accessories, online and at around 90 Danier stores across Canada. For Women, the Company offers blazers, jackets, wrap coats and leather coats, among others. The Company offers ready to wear women products, such as vests, leggings, pants, shorts and dresses. It also provides care products, such as gentle applicator cloth and leather cleaning wipes. The Company's offerings for men include pea coats, bomber jackets, leather bikers and car coats. Its accessories range for men includes belts, furs, gloves, hats, small leather goods, wallets and scarves. In addition, the Company offers a range of bags, such as backpacks, duffels, briefcases, messengers and cross body. 	Danier Leather Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	1193	April 3, 1998
DNA.WT.A	nul	Dalradian Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
DW	DataWind Inc. (DataWind) is a Canada-based provider of Internet connectivity for the emerging markets. The Company's Internet Delivery Platform offers a low-cost Internet connectivity solution by bundling a tablet device with an Internet browsing second-generation (2G) service plan. DataWind offers eight models of its tablet device, the UbiSlate, and three models of its smartphone device, the PocketSurfer. All devices run on an Android operating system and are capable of accessing the Internet using 2G mobile-cellular technology and/or wireless-fidelity (Wi-Fi). Additionally, a number of devices offer advanced features, such as Wi-Fi, third-generation (3G) connectivity, dual-core processor, and front and/or rear cameras. Its devices are not locked to any mobile-cellular network operator and its Internet Delivery Platform works with any Internet connection. Its operations span four countries, such as Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and India. 	DataWind Inc	Technology	Computer Hardware	196	April 16, 2014
DGI	DATA Group Ltd., formerly Data Group Inc., is a provider of total document management and marketing solutions. The Company provides integrated Web and print based communications, information management and associated professional services. The Company operates in DATA East and West segment. DATA East and West sells a range of products and services in the categories of data analysis, design and fulfillment of direct marketing, document management, labeling, event ticket, direct mail, gift card and digital print solutions to end users in the Canadian market. The Data Group derives its revenues from a range of sources, including document management services, business forms and documents, labels, commercial printing, event tickets, direct mail, gift cards and digital print. Effective on January 1, 2014, DATA Group Ltd. amalgamated with its Canadian subsidiaries. 	Data Group Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	1698	January 1, 2014
DGI.DB.A	nul	Data Group Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Advertising / Marketing	--	
DEE	Delphi Energy Corp. (Delphi) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition for and exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids in western Canada. Delphi's operations are located in North West Alberta at Bigstone, Wapiti and Hythe. Its core operating area is in the Deep Basin of North Western Alberta. The Bigstone property is located 150 kilometers southeast of the city of Grande Prairie. The Company is focused on the Bigstone Montney formation, drilling eight gross wells, including two gross wells. The Company produces sweet natural gas production from the shallower Cretaceous zones at Bigstone. The Hythe property is located 60 kilometers northwest of Grande Prairie. Delphi has an average 67% interest in 165,469 acres of land. The Wapiti property is located 50 kilometers south of the city of Grand Prairie. Delphi has an average 58% interest in 60,004 acres of land. 	Delphi Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	41	June 19, 2003
DSG	The Descartes Systems Group Inc. (Descartes) is a global provider of on-demand, cloud-based software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions. The Company is focused on logistics and supply chain management business processes. Customers use its modular, SaaS solutions to route, schedule, track and measure delivery resources; plan, allocate and execute shipments; rate, audit and pay transportation invoices; file customs and security documents for imports and exports; research and perform trade tariff and duty calculations and complete other logistics processes. The Company's primary focus is on serving transportation providers, including air, ocean and truck modes; logistics service providers, including third-party logistics providers, freight forwarders and customs brokers, and distribution-intensive companies. Its applications are categorized as Routing, Mobile & Telematics; Transportation Management; Customs & Regulatory Compliance; GLN Services, and Broker & Forwarder Enterprise Systems. 	Descartes Systems Group Inc	Technology	Software	938	February 1, 2012
DGC	Detour Gold Corporation is a Canada-based intermediate gold producing company. The Company owns and operates the Detour Lake mine in Northern Ontario. The Detour Lake gold mine is a large open pit operation located approximately 300 kilometers (km) northeast of Timmins. The Company's operating projects include Detour Lake mine, Detour Lake Exploration Block A and Detour Lake Exploration Regional. The Detour Lake property consists of a contiguous block of mining claims and leases totaling approximately 630 square kilometers in the District of Cochrane. Detour Lake Exploration Block A has completed approximately 160,000 meters of drilling and has an approximate indicated resource of two million ounces. The Company controls approximately 630 square kilometers of the Detour Lake Exploration Regional. Its gold mineralization is found within the southern portion of altered feldspar porphyry intrusive containing quartz and/or quartz-tourmaline veins. 	Detour Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	279	July 19, 2006
DH.DB	nul	DH Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	
DML	Denison Mines Corp. is engaged in uranium exploration and/or development in Canada, Zambia, Mali, Namibia and Mongolia. The Company's assets include a 22.50% interest in the McClean Lake uranium processing facility and uranium deposits in northern Saskatchewan; a 25.17% interest in the Midwest uranium project, including the Midwest and the Midwest A deposits in northern Saskatchewan; a 60% interest in the Wheeler River project, which includes the Phoenix deposit and the Gryphon zone, and a portfolio of exploration and development property interests in the Athabasca Basin, including Moore Lake (100%), Waterbury Lake (60%), Hatchet Lake (58.06%), Crawford/Bachman Lake (100%), Bell Lake (100%) and Mann Lake (30%). Denison also owns the Mutanga uranium project in southern Zambia, the Falea uranium, silver and copper project in Mali, and interests in mineral exploration properties in Namibia and Mongolia. 	Mines Denison	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	88	October 3, 1996
DHX.A	DHX Media Ltd. is a Canada-based children's entertainment company. The Company's business is producing, distributing, broadcasting and exploiting the rights for television and film programming, primarily focusing on children, youth and family productions. Its segments include its production, distribution and merchandising operations; Copyright Promotions Licensing Group (CPLG), and DHX Television. It has five integrated business lines: production; library and distribution (including digital distribution) of its third party acquired titles; television broadcasting; merchandising and licensing, and new media and interactive. Its productions include Degrassi franchise, Supernoobs, Slugterra 3, Teletubbies, This Hour Has 22 Minutes, and Make It Pop. It provides services, such as producing television shows and movies of the week for, and providing animation and other similar services to third parties. It operates in Toronto, with additional offices in Los Angeles, Paris and Beijing. 	DHX Media Ltd			365	April 25, 2006
DIN.DB	Dream Industrial REIT is an open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company's portfolio consists of approximately 216 primarily light industrial properties located in seven provinces of Canada comprising approximately 16.9 million square feet of owned gross leasable area. Its Dream Office Portfolio consists of approximately 248,000 square feet of four multitenant flex industrial properties located in Edmonton; KingSett 2014 Portfolio consists of approximately 1.1 million square feet of ten single- and multitenant light industrial properties in Calgary; C2C portfolio consisted over 25 properties totaling 2.5 million square feet of gross leasable area located primarily in Halifax; CanFirst Portfolio consists of approximately 1.6 million square feet of gross leasable area wholly located across the Greater Toronto Area and The KingSett 2012 Portfolio consists of over 5.3 million square feet of gross leasable area in Calgary, Halifax. It is managed by Dream Asset Management Corp. 	Dir Industrial Properties Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
DHX.B	nul	DHX Media Ltd			--	
DRT	DIRTT Environmental Solutions Ltd. is a manufacturer of customized interiors. The Company combines its ICE three-dimensional (3D) design, configuration and manufacturing software (ICE or ICE Software) with in-house manufacturing of its prefabricated interior construction solutions and an a distribution partner (DP) network. Its solutions include DIRTT Walls, DIRTT Power, DIRTT Networks, DIRTT Ceilings, DIRTT Millwork and DIRTT Floor. It operates in North America, Middle East and Asia. It caters to a range of industries, including healthcare, education, financial services, government and military, manufacturing, non-profit, oil and gas, professional services, retail and technology. Its subsidiaries include DIRTT Environmental Solutions, Inc., Ice Edge Business Solutions Ltd. and Ice Edge Business Solutions, Inc. 	DIRTT Environmental Solutions Ltd	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	March 4, 2003
DH	DH Corporation (D+H) is a financial technology provider. The Company operates through two segments: Canadian and the U.S. It offers lending, payments and enterprise solutions to banks, specialized lenders, community banks, credit unions and Governments. D+H's Canadian segment provides technology solutions to Canadian banks, smaller banks, credit unions, specialized lenders, the Federal Government and various provincial Governments. It provides Lending solutions and Payment solutions. Its lending solutions include collateral management solutions, Canadian mortgage technology and student loan administration services. Its payment solutions include the cheque program and various subscription fee-based enhancement services. The U.S. segment provides lending solutions and enterprise solutions. Its lending solutions include mortgage, commercial and commercial lending. Its enterprise solutions include core banking platform offerings, complementary channel solutions and optimization solutions. 	DH Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	5500	April 28, 2010
DCF	Difference Capital Financial Inc. is a specialty finance company. The Company is focused on creating shareholder value through strategic investment and advisory services in growth companies. It provides debt and equity growth capital to technology, media and healthcare-related companies to help them create long-term shareholder value. The Companys health investments include Aurinia, Cardiac Dimensions, BrainScope and Infraredx, Inc. Its technology investments include BuildDirect, Vision Critical, BTI Systems, SHOP.CA, Baanto International Ltd. and Bluedrop Performance Learning Inc., among others. The Companys media investments comprise Thunderbird Films and QuickPlay Media. Difference Capital Management Inc. is the manager of the Company. 	Difference Capital Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	1	November 19, 1979
CUR	DiagnoCure Inc. is a Canada-based biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of products indicated for the diagnosis of cancer. The Company develops and provides molecular and genomic tests to support effective clinical decisions enabling personalized medicine in oncology. The Companys prostate cancer marker PROGENSA PCA3 is a tool for the diagnosis and management of prostate cancer patients. The Companys products also include Previstage GCC colorectal cancer staging test, which uses Guanylyl Cyclase C (GCC or GUCY2C) marker to stratify the risk of colon cancer recurrence by determining the stage of the disease. The Companys subsidiaries include Catalyst Oncology LP, 91846766 Quebec Inc. and 91616722 Quebec Inc. 	Diagnocure Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	10	December 8, 1994
DCF.DB	nul	Difference Capital Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
DH.DB.A	nul	DH Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	
DCI	DirectCash Payments Inc. (DC Payments) is a full-service provider of payment processing and automated banking machines (ATM) managed solutions. The Company provides ATM, point of sale (POS), and transaction processing services to financial institutions, corporations and Government, and retailers across Canada. It provides switch and transaction processing services on ATMs and for debit and credit cards and related services. The Company's operations are segmented into the Americas (Canada and Mexico), Australasia (Australia and New Zealand) and Europe. DCPayments deploys, operates and services ATMs in all its geographic segments. In Canada, the Company operates its Other Services business, which includes payment, bank card processing and related services, as well as other managed services to credit unions and financial institutions. 	Directcash Payments Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	390	
DA.DB.A	nul	Discovery Air Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	--	
DIV	Diversified Royalty Corp, also known as DIV, is a Canada-based multi-royalty corporation for franchises. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring top-line royalties from well-managed multi-location businesses and franchisors in North America. Its aim is to acquire predictable royalty streams from a diverse group of multi-location businesses and franchisors. DIV cooperates with such brands like Original Joes, State & Main and Elephant & Castle. 	Diversified Royalty Corp	Financials	Investment Services	40	July 29, 1992
DA.A	Discovery Air Inc. (Discovery Air) is a Canada-based specialty aviation company. The Company's subsidiaries provide airborne training to the Canadian and German military, helicopter services, air ambulance services, airborne fire services, fixed-wing air charter services, expediting and logistics support, and a range of maintenance, repair, overhaul, modification, engineering and certification services. Discovery Air operates through two segments: Aviation, and Corporate Support and Other. The Aviation segment includes the operations of four subsidiaries, Great Slave Helicopters Ltd. (GSH), Air Tindi Ltd. (Air Tindi), Discovery Air Fire Services Inc. (Fire Services) and Discovery Air Defence Services Inc. (Defence Services). The Corporate Support and Other segment consists of some support functions at Discovery Air (collectively, Corporate), as well as two operating subsidiaries, namely, Discovery Air Technical Services Inc. and Discovery Mining Services Ltd. 	Discovery Air Inc	Industrials	Air Freight & Courier Services	--	March 27, 2006
DFN.PR.A	nul	Dividend 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	
DFN	Dividend 15 Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund. The Fund invests primarily in a portfolio of dividend yielding common shares, which includes 15 Canadian companies. It offers two types of shares: Preferred Shares and Class A Shares. Its investment objectives with respect to the Preferred Shares are to provide holders with fixed cumulative preferential monthly cash dividends in the amount of $0.04375 per Preferred share to yield 5.25% per annum on the original issue price and to pay holders the original issue price ($10) of the Preferred shares on or about the termination date. Its investment objectives with respect to the Class A Shares are to provide with regular monthly cash dividends initially targeted to be $0.10 per Class A Shares to yield 8% per annum on the original issue price and to pay holders at least the original issue price ($15) of those shares on or about the termination date. Quadravest Capital Management Inc. is the manager and the investment manager of the Fund. 	Dividend 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	January 9, 2004
DGS	Dividend Growth Split Corp. is a mutual fund company. The objective of the Fund is to provide holders of preferred shares with fixed, cumulative, preferential quarterly cash distributions in the amount of $0.13125 per share, and to provide holders of Class A shares with regular monthly cash distributions targeted to be $0.10 per share and the opportunity for growth in Net Asset Value per Class A share. The Fund invests in an equal-weighted portfolio consisted of Canadian equities. The Fund is managed by Brompton Funds Limited. 	Dividend Growth Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	September 25, 2007
DF	nul	Dividend 15 Split Corp II			--	
DF.PR.A	nul	Dividend 15 Split Corp II			--	
DOL	Dollarama Inc is a Canada-based operator of dollar stores. The Company has 955 Dollarama stores in operation in Canada. The Company offers a range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use, in addition to seasonal products. The Company's merchandise is sold in individual or multiple units. The Company's dollar stores in Canada sell items for $3 or less. The Company's stores are corporate-owned and operated, and nearly all are located in high-traffic areas, such as strip malls and shopping centers in locations, including metropolitan areas, mid-sized cities and small towns. The Company uses information technology (IT) systems to manage business operations like financial reporting, accounting, data storage, purchasing and inventory management, processing of customer transactions, store communications systems and payroll processing. 	Dollarama Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Discount Stores	14824	October 16, 2009
DS	Datawest Solutions Inc. designs, builds, integrates and operates leading on line and Internet banking and ePayment solutions as an application services provider to the financial services industry. The company is the largest su pplier of outsourced online banking system services to Canadian credit unio ns. In addition, Datawest delivers electronic funds transfer (EFT) switchin g services (ATM and point-of-sale), advanced telephone and Internet banking solutions, and innovative technology for web-based electronic reporting. 	Dividend Select 15 Corp			230	
DGS.PR.A	nul	Dividend Growth Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
DDC	Dominion Diamond Corporation is focused on the mining and marketing of rough diamonds to the global market. The Company has ownership interests in the Diavik and the Ekati group of mineral claims. The Diavik Joint Venture is an unincorporated joint arrangement between Diavik Diamond Mines (2012) Inc. (DDMI) and Dominion Diamond Diavik Limited Partnership (DDDLP) where DDDLP holds an undivided 40% ownership interest in the assets, liabilities and expenses of the Diavik Diamond Mine. DDMI is the operator of the Diavik Diamond Mine. The Ekati Diamond Mine consists of the Core Zone, which includes the current operating mine and other permitted kimberlite pipes, as well as the Buffer Zone, an adjacent area hosting kimberlite pipes having both development and exploration potential. The Company owns an 88.9% interest in the Core Zone and a 65.3% interest in the Buffer Zone. The Company controls and consolidates the Ekati Diamond Mine. 	Dominion Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1527	March 26, 2013
DOM.UN	Dominion Citrus Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based open-ended trust. The Fund is a diversified food company that provides an integrated suite of services for fresh produce including: finance, reporting and insurance, procurement, international logistics, ripening, sorting and grading, packaging and re-packing, distribution and transportation and market solutions. The Fund provides these services to over 400 customers in retail, foodservice and food distribution in major city centers across Ontario and Quebec. The Funds main operating divisions include Dominion Citrus Wholesale, Dominion Farm Produce, Les Aliments Dominion Citrus Limitee, Country Fresh Packaging and Meschino Banana Company. Its subsidiaries include Dominion Citrus Limited, Bo-Fruits LP, Dominion Citrus Juice LP and OpCo GP Limited. 	Dominion Citrus Income Fund	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	36	
DII.DB.U	nul	Dorel Industries Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	--	
DII.A	Dorel Industries Inc. (Dorel) is a Canada-based global consumer products company. The Company designs, manufactures or sources, markets and distributes a portfolio of product brands. The Company markets its products in the United States, Canada, Europe and Latin America. The Company operates through three segments: Dorel Juvenile, Dorel Sports and Dorel Home Furnishings segments. Dorel Juvenile segment is engaged in the designing, sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and retailing children's furniture and accessories. Dorel Sports segment is engaged in the designing, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of recreational and leisure products and accessories. Dorel Home Furnishings segment is engaged in the design, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of ready-to-assemble furniture and home furnishings. 	Dorel Industries Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	11500	February 20, 1995
UFS	Domtar Corporation designs, manufactures, markets and distributes a range of fiber-based products, including communication papers, specialty and packaging papers and absorbent hygiene products. The Company operates in two business segments: Pulp and Paper and Personal Care. The Company's Pulp and Paper segment is engaged in the design, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of communication papers, specialty and packaging papers, as well as softwood, fluff and hardwood market pulp. The Company's Personal Care segment is involved in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of absorbent hygiene products. The Company is an integrated marketer and manufacturer of uncoated freesheet paper in North America for a range of customers, including merchants, retail outlets, stationers, printers, publishers, converters and end-users. It is also a marketer and producer of a broad line of incontinence care products. 	Domtar	Basic Materials	Paper Products	9850	August 16, 2006
DII.B	Dorel Industries Inc. (Dorel) is a Canada-based global consumer products company. The Company designs, manufactures or sources, markets and distributes a portfolio of product brands. The Company markets its products in the United States, Canada, Europe and Latin America. The Company operates through three segments: Dorel Juvenile, Dorel Sports and Dorel Home Furnishings segments. Dorel Juvenile segment is engaged in the designing, sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and retailing children's furniture and accessories. Dorel Sports segment is engaged in the designing, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of recreational and leisure products and accessories. Dorel Home Furnishings segment is engaged in the design, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of ready-to-assemble furniture and home furnishings. 	Dorel Industries Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	11500	February 20, 1995
DSL.UN	DoubleLine Income Solutions Trust (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The Fund's primary investment objective is to seek current income. Its secondary objective is to seek capital appreciation in each case by investing primarily in a portfolio (the Portfolio) of investments selected for their potential to provide current income, growth of capital, or both. The Fund's investment portfolio includes corporate bonds, collateral loan obligation, collateral mortgage obligations, asset-backed securities, floating rate loans, mortgage backed securities, and cash, receivables and payables. The Fund is managed by BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. 	DoubleLine Income Solutions Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 24, 2013
DWI.WT	nul	DragonWave Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	--	
DWI	DragonWave Inc. provides wireless Ethernet equipment used in Internet protocol (IP) networks. The Company designs, develops, markets and sells carrier-grade microwave radio frequency networking equipment that wirelessly transmit broadband voice, video and other data between two points. Its principal commercialized product lines include Harmony, Horizon, Avenue and NetViewer. The Harmony product line is a wireless platform enabling Time Division Multiplexing (TDM) and packet-based services across wireless or wireline infrastructure. The Horizon Horizon product family is an Ethernet microwave portfolio and consists of Horizon Compact, Horizon Compact+ and Horizon Quantum. Avenue portfolio comprises of three microcellular solutions ranging from an access microcell backhaul link (Avenue Link Lite), to an aggregation link (Avenue Link) to an integrated microcellular platform (Avenue Site). NetViewer is a network management platform, which is sold directly and through the Nokia channel. 	DragonWave Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	259	February 24, 2000
DRM.PR.A	nul	DREAM Unlimited Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
DRM	Dream Unlimited Corp. is a Canada-based real estate company. The Company operates through segments, such as Land Development; Housing Development; Condominium Development; Retail Development; Asset Management, Management Services and Equity Interests in Related Parties; Investment and Recreational Properties; Renewable Power, and Other. The Company develops land in Saskatoon, Regina, Calgary and Edmonton. It has housing operations in Saskatoon and Regina. The Company's condominium development business consists of operations in Toronto. It has approximately 18 acres of active retail projects under construction. The Company provides asset management and management services to four listed funds. Its investment properties include interests in commercial and retail properties. The Company is the co-manager of a closed-ended renewable energy infrastructure fund. Its other assets include investments in Dream Office REIT, Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust and Dream Global REIT units. 	DREAM Unlimited Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	May 21, 2013
DRG.DB	nul	Dream Global REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
DRA.UN	Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based open-ended trust. The Trust is focused on asset alternative investments consisting of real estate, real estate lending, real estate development and renewable power. The Trust has four operating segments: Income properties, Lending portfolio, Development and investment holdings and Renewable power. The Trust's Income properties segment consists of a portfolio of co-owned office and retail commercial real estate properties in Canada. The Trust's Lending portfolio segment consists of interest paying mortgages and corporate loans. The Trust's Development and investment holdings segment consists of participating mortgages receivable and indirect investments in income producing properties. The Trust's Renewable power segment consists of operational solar power projects, solar power projects under development and a wind power project under development. The Trust is managed by Dream Asset Management Corporation. 	Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 28, 2014
DXI	DXI Energy Inc, formerly Dejour Energy Inc, is a Canada-based oil and natural gas exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing energy projects with a focus on oil and gas exploration in Canada and the United States. The Company holds oil and gas leases in the regions, including the Peace River Arch of northeastern British Columbia and northwestern Alberta, Canada, and the Piceance, Paradox and Uinta Basins in the United States Rocky Mountains. The Company's Piceance-Uinta Projects include Kokopelli and Roan Creek. The Company's Peace River Arch Projects include Woodrush project. The Company through Dejour USA, its subsidiary, owns working interests in approximately 43,500 net acres of oil and gas leases in the Piceance Basin of Colorado. The Company owns approximately 1,980 gross and net acres in the Roan Creek area of the Piceance Basin, an oil and gas lease with Niobrara potential. 	DXI Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	12	August 16, 2005
D.DB.H	nul	Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
DRG.UN	Dream Global REIT is an, open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company provides investors with the opportunity to invest in real estate exclusively outside of Canada. Its objectives are to manage its investments to provide cash flows through investments in commercial real estate located outside of Canada, building a diversified, growth-oriented portfolio of commercial properties, capitalizing on internal growth and seeking accretive acquisition opportunities in its target markets, growing the value of its assets and maximizing the long-term value of its units through the management of its assets and providing predictable and growing cash distributions per unit, on a tax-efficient basis. Its portfolio consisted of approximately 266 properties located in Germany, including seven properties held within a joint venture of which the Company retained a 50% ownership interest. The Company's assets are managed by Dream Asset Management Corporation (Dream). 	Dream Global REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	20000	April 21, 2011
DIR.UN	Dream Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust, formerly Dundee Industrial REIT, is an open-ended investment trust. The Trust objective are to managing its business to provide growing cash flow and stable and sustainable returns, through adapting its strategy and tactics to changes in the real estate industry and the economy; building and maintaining a diversified, growth-oriented portfolio of light industrial properties in Canadian markets based on an established platform; providing predictable and sustainable cash distributions to unitholders while prudently managing its capital structure over time, and maintaining a REIT that satisfies the REIT exception under the SIFT legislation in order to provide certainty to unitholders with respect to taxation of distributions. The Trust's portfolio comprises of industrial properties located in urban centers across Canada. 	Dream Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
DAQ.A	Dundee Acquisition Ltd is a Canada-based special purpose acquisition corporation (SPAC) incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario. The Company's purpose is effecting an acquisition of one or more businesses or assets, by way of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or any other similar business combination involving the Corporation. 	Dundee Acquisition Ltd	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	March 5, 2015
DIR.DB	nul	Dream Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
D.UN	Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trust (the Trust), formerly Dundee Real Estate Investment Trust, is a Canada-based open-ended investment trust. The Trust operates in segments: Western Canada, Calgary downtown, Calgary suburban, Toronto downtown, Toronto suburban and Eastern Canada. It is engaged in building and maintaining a diversified portfolio of office properties in Canada, based on an established platform, and providing cash distributions to unitholders and managing distributions over time. The Trust's portfolio comprises central business district and suburban office properties, located in urban centers across Canada, including Toronto, Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal, Ottawa and Vancouver. Its ownership interests includes 177 office properties (207 buildings) totaling approximately 24.3 million square feet of Gross leasable area (GLA). The Trust is managed by Dream Asset Management Corp. (DAM). 	Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	199	
D.DB.K	nul	Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
DAQ.WT	nul	Dundee Acquisition Ltd	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
DC.PR.D	nul	Dundee Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
DC.A	Dundee Corporation is a Canada-based independent holding company. Through its operating subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in diverse business activities in the areas of investment advisory, corporate finance, energy, resources, agriculture, real estate and infrastructure. The Company also holds, directly and indirectly, a portfolio of investments in these areas, as well as other select investments in both publicly listed and private enterprises. Its business activities are divided into two divisions: wealth management and merchant banking. The wealth management business of the Company is focused on creating, managing, administering and distributing alternative asset products and providing management and advisory services and access to capital and research and trading strategies. The merchant banking division is focused on resources, real estate, agriculture, food and infrastructure. 	Dundee Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	474	
DC.PR.B	nul	Dundee Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
DC.WT	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
DC.PR.E	nul	Dundee Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
DEN	Dundee Energy Limited (Dundee Energy) is a Canada-based company engaged in energy projects. Dundee Energy Limited Partnership (DELP), a wholly owned partnership of the Corporation, holds an approximate 95% working interest in approximately 80,000 gross acres of onshore oil properties and an 85% working interest in approximately 695,000 gross acres of offshore gas properties, located in Ontario, Canada. The Corporation has an indirect interest in the Castor Project, located off the eastern Mediterranean coast of Spain, to a natural gas storage facility. Project utilizes aged carbonate Amposta reservoir, which lies at a depth of 1,800 metres approximately 22 kilometres off the east coast of Spain, for gas storage. The Corporation holds approximately $32,150,000 preferred share investment in Eurogas International, an independent oil and gas company in offshore Tunisia. 	Dundee Energy Ltd	Energy	Integrated Oil & Gas	34	August 31, 1995
DPM	Dundee Precious Metals Inc. (DPM) is a Canada-based gold mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, mining and processing of precious metals. DPM's principal subsidiaries include Dundee Precious Metals Chelopech EAD, which owns and operates gold, copper and silver mine located east of Sofia, Bulgaria; Dundee Precious Metals Kapan CJSC, which owns and operates a gold, copper, zinc and silver mine located in the town of Kapan, south east of the capital city of Yerevan in southern Armenia; Dundee Precious Metals Krumovgrad EAD, which is focused on the development of a gold property located in south eastern Bulgaria; Dundee Precious Metals Tsumeb (Proprietary) Limited, which owns and operates a custom smelter located in Tsumeb, Namibia, and Avala Resources Ltd., which is focused on the exploration and development of the Timok project, the Tulare copper and gold project and other early-stage projects in Serbia. 	Dundee Precious Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2100	September 2, 1983
DNG	Dynacor Gold Mines Inc. (Dynacor) is a gold ore processing and exploration company. The Company's activities consist of the exploration of mining properties for the commercial extraction of gold and precious metals, and production of gold and silver by means of processing of purchased ore. Its projects include Tumipampa, Anta 1, Casaden and Egnone Huinchuni. The Tumipampa property is located approximately 60 kilometers south of the city of Abancay in the Tumipampa region, Circa district, province of Abancay. Dynacors Anta 1 property is located in the district of San Pedro approximately 72 kilometers west of Nazca, within the Western Andean Cordillera in the Province of Lucanas. Dynacors Casaden property is located in the district of Magdalena approximately 890 kilometers north east of Lima. Dynacors Egnone Huinchuni property is located in the district of Ocana/San Pedro approximately 63 kilometers northwest of Nazca, within the Western Andean Cordillera in the Province of Lucanas. 	Dynacor Gold Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	315	January 10, 2007
DMM	Dynasty Metals & Mining Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage company engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral concessions in Ecuador. The Company operates a processing plant and is in the process of developing one main and two planned declines to access the resource at its Zaruma Gold Project. In addition to the Zaruma Gold Project, the Company owns two other non-producing assets, the Jerusalem Project and the Dynasty Copper-Gold Belt Project, which includes the Dynasty Goldfield. The Company has obtained small scale mining licenses for five concessions at its Zaruma Gold Project. Such licenses permit the Company to mine up to 300 tons per day from each concession, which has obtained the small scale mining license at a royalty rate of 3%, payable to the Ecuador government, and no windfall tax on the extraction and sale of precious metals. 	Dynasty Metals & Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	626	June 28, 2000
ELF	E-L Financial Corporation Limited (E-L Financial) is a Canada-based investment and insurance holding company. The Company operates in two segments: E-L Corporate and Empire Life. E-L Corporate segment owns investments in equities and fixed income securities directly and indirectly through pooled funds and other investment companies, as well as investments in United Corporations Limited and Economic Investment Trust Limited, which are both closed-end investment companies, and Algoma Central Corporation is a shipping company. Its Empire Life segment provides a range of life insurance and wealth management products, employee benefit plans and financial services for individuals, professionals and businesses through a network of Independent Financial Advisors (IFA), Managing General Agents (MGA), National Account firms, Mutual Fund Dealers and Employee Benefits brokers and representatives. 	E-L Financial Corporation Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	14	November 13, 1968
ELF.PR.G	nul	E-L Financial Corporation Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
ELF.PR.F	nul	E-L Financial Corporation Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
ELF.PR.H	nul	E-L Financial Corporation Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
EGL	Eagle Energy Trust is a Canada-based oil and gas energy corporation. The Company invests in entities, such as Eagle US, its operating subsidiary in the United States, and Eagle Canada, its operating subsidiary in Canada, that, in turn, acquires and exploits hydrocarbon reserves in petroleum production basins in the United States and Canada. The Company has two segments: Canadian operations, which includes oil and gas exploration, development and the sale of hydrocarbons and related activities in Canada, and United States operations, which includes oil and gas exploration, development and the sale of hydrocarbons and related activities in the continental United States. Eagle US owns producing petroleum properties with development and exploitation located in Texas and Oklahoma and Eagle Canada owns producing petroleum properties in northern Alberta. 	Eagle Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	33	
ER	Eastmain Resources Inc. (Eastmain) is a Canada-based mining company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and discovery of mineral resources. The Company is focused on gold exploration within the James Bay Region of Northern Quebec, where it holds 100% interest in the Eau Claire and Eastmain gold deposits, as well as interests in 10 other properties covering around 120,000 hectares of this mineral district. Its projects include Clearwater project and East Mine project. The Clearwater Project is located towards the north of the Eastmain Reservoir and approximately 320 kilometer northeast of the town of Matagami in the James Bay Region of Quebec. This property consists of claims totaling about 200 square kilometers. The Eastmain Mine Project is within the Upper Eastmain River Greenstone Belt, approximately 800 kilometers north of Montreal, Quebec. The Eastmain mine property consists of around 152 mineral claims and one mining license, covering approximately 8,014 hectares. 	Eastmain Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	10	August 9, 2002
ERM	Eclipse Residential Mortgage Investment Corporation (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The Fund invests and reinvests its assets in mortgages. The Fund's investment objectives are to acquire and maintain a diversified mortgage portfolio consisting of single family residential mortgages that seeks to preserve capital and generate sufficient income to permit the Fund to pay monthly distributions to the Class A shareholders. The Fund may also invest in other mortgages, in particular, commercial mortgages and residential construction mortgages. The portfolio mortgages will be on properties principally located in major urban centers across Canada. The Fund invests primarily in single family residential mortgages, including junior tranches of first mortgages, second charge mortgages and mortgage-related securities. Brompton Funds Limited is the manager of the Fund. 	Eclipse Residential Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 3, 2013
ELR	Eastern Platinum Limited is a Canada-based platinum group metal (PGM) company engaged in the mining, exploration and development of PGM properties located in various provinces in South Africa. The company has assets on both the western and eastern limbs of the Bushveld Complex (BC). The Company holds an 87.5% interest in Crocodile River Mine, which is located on the eastern portion of the western limb of the BC. The project comprises four mining sections, Maroelabult in the east, Zandfontein in the center, Crocette in the west, and Kareespruit between Maroelabult and Zandfontein. It holds an 87.5% interest in Kennedy's Vale Project, which is located on the eastern limb of the Bushveld Complex, near Steelpoort in the Province of Mpumalanga. It comprises PGM mineral rights on five farms in the Steelpoort Valley. It also holds a 93.4% interest in the Spitzkop PGM Project and an 87% interest in the Mareesburg Project, both located on the eastern limb of the BC. 	Eastern Platinum Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1805	April 25, 2005
ECF.UN	nul	East Coast Investment Grade Income Fund			--	
EFH	Echelon Financial Holdings Inc, formerly EGI Financial Holdings Inc., is a Canada-based company engaged in property and casualty insurance. The Company operates through four segments: Personal Lines and Specialty Programs businesses in Canada, ICPEI in the Maritime Provinces and the specialty business in the International division. Through Personal Lines segment, the Company is engaged in the underwriting of high-premium non-standard automobile insurance. Through its Specialty programs segment, the Company designs and underwrites non-auto insurance programs. ICPEI underwrites auto, personal and commercial property products in Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. Through International division, the Company underwrites European property, automobile and other specialty insurance products. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries are EGI Insurance Managers Inc., Echelon General Insurance Company, CIM Reinsurance Company Ltd. and CUISA Managing General Agency Corporation. 	Echelon Financial Holdings Inc	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	141	August 18, 1997
ECO	EcoSynthetix Inc. (EcoSynthetix) is a renewable chemicals company. The Company is specialized in bio-based materials that are used as inputs in a range of products. Bio-based materials are commonly used as inputs in industrial manufacturing for a range of end products. The Company has developed two bio- based technology platforms that support application across industries, a biopolymer nanosphere technology that has been fully scaled and validated, and a bio-based sugar macromer technology that has been validated on a pilot scale and is being developed for the pre-commercialization plant stage. The Company's two bio-based technology platforms have generated four product families, namely EcoSphere biopolymers, EcoMer biomonomers, EcoStix bio-based pressure sensitive adhesives and DuraBind bioresins. The Company's lead product is EcoSphere biolatex binders. The Company markets bio-based polymer and monomer products within paper and paperboard, building materials and nonwovens markets. 	EcoSynthetix Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Specialty	29	May 20, 2011
EOM	Eco Oro Minerals Corp. is a precious metals exploration and development company with a portfolio of projects in Colombia. The Company is focused on the development of its wholly owned Angostura Project, located in the Soto Norte region of the Department of Santander in north-eastern Colombia. The Angostura Project consists of the main Angostura deposit and four satellite prospects: Mongora, La Plata, Armenia and Violetal. Including the Angostura Project, the Company has concessions, exploration licenses and exploitation permit areas covering an area of approximately 30,000 hectares in the Departments of Santander and Norte de Santander within the Vetas-California gold district, a prospective area rich in mineral deposits. 	Eco Oro Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	243	August 15, 1997
EVT	Economic Investment Trust Limited is a Canada-based closed-end investment company. The Company is an investment vehicle for long-term growth through investments in common equities. The objective of the Company is to earn an above-average rate of return, primarily through long-term capital appreciation and dividend income. Short-term volatility is expected and tolerated. The investment portfolio of the Company consist of a mix of Canadian and foreign investments. The long-term investments consist primarily of common shares of E-L Financial Corporation Limited, Algoma Central Corporation and The Bank of Nova Scotia. The balance of the investment portfolio is managed by Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. 	Economic Investment Trust Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	11	January 28, 1927
ELD	Eldorado Gold Corp owns and operates mines around the world. The Companys activities involve various facets of the mining industry, including exploration, development, production and reclamation. Its operating gold mines include Kisladag in Turkey (100%), Efemcukuru in Turkey (100%), Tanjianshan in China (90%), White Mountain in China (95%) and Jinfeng in China (82%). Its gold projects include Perama Hill in Greece (100%), Olympias in Greece (95%), Skouries in Greece (95%), Certej in Romania (81%), Eastern Dragon in China (75%) and Tocantinzinho in Brazil (100%). Its other operating mines include Stratoni Lead and Zinc Concentrates in Greece (95%) and Vila Nova Iron Ore in Brazil (100%). The Company has completed an exploration program in Romania at the Bocsa, Magura, Muncel, Brad and Deva projects, which are situated in the Apuseni district near the Certej deposit. 	Eldorado Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2636	November 19, 1996
EFN	Element Financial Corporation is an independent financial services company. The Company originates, co-invests in and manages asset -based financings and related service programs with operations in both Canada and the United States. It operates in four verticals: Fleet Management, which provides vehicle fleet leasing, management solutions, and related service programs, including service cards, remarketing, maintenance management and accident services; Rail Finance, with a focus on vendor relationships with rail manufacturers, provides leases and other secured financing for railcars for the North American rail industry; Aviation Finance, which provides leases and other secured financing for corporate airplanes and helicopters, and Commercial and Vendor Finance, in conjunction with manufacturers and distributors, delivers financing and leasing solutions to customers in the transportation, construction, commercial, industrial, healthcare, golf, technology and office products sectors. 	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	May 11, 2007
EFN.DB.A	nul	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
EFL	Electrovaya Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in designing, developing and manufacturing Lithium Ion SuperPolymer batteries, battery systems and energy storage related products for the clean electric transportation, portable energy, utility scale energy storage, smart grid power, consumer and healthcare markets. The Company's technology includes a manufacturing process which does not use toxic chemicals. It caters to automotive, smart grid vertical, retail and distribution, mining, solar energy and wind and marine industries. Its products portfolio includes cells, battery modules, integrated battery packs and battery management systems. Its consumer products include Power Pad laptop batteries. 	Electrovaya Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	51	September 24, 1996
EFN.DB	nul	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
EFN.PR.A	nul	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
EFN.PR.C	nul	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
EFN.PR.G	nul	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
EFN.PR.E	nul	Element Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
EMA.IR	nul	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
EMA.PR.A	nul	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
EMA	Emera Incorporated is an energy and services company that owns and invests in electricity generation, transmission and distribution, gas transmission, utility services, energy marketing and trading services, and other energy-related management services. The Company provides regional energy solutions by connecting its assets, markets and partners, primarily in eastern Canada, the northeastern United States, and the Caribbean. Its segments include Nova Scotia Power Inc.; Emera Maine; Emera Caribbean (Emera (Caribbean) Incorporated and its subsidiaries, including Barbados Light & Power Company Ltd. and Dominica Electricity Services Ltd., Grand Bahama Power Company Ltd. and Emera Utility Services (Bahamas) Limited; Pipelines, including Emera Brunswick Pipeline Company Limited and Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline, and Emera Energy Inc., including Emera Energy Services, New England Gas Generating Facilities, Bayside Power Limited Partnership and Brooklyn Power Corporation, among others. 	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	3454	July 23, 1998
EMA.PR.C	nul	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
EMA.PR.E	nul	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
EMA.PR.B	nul	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
EMP.A	Empire Company Limited is engaged in the business of food retailing and related real estate. The Company operates through two segments: Food Retailing and Investments and Other Operations. The Company's Food Retailing segment is carried out through its wholly owned subsidiary, Sobeys Inc., which has conducted business through approximately 1,500 retail stores (corporate owned, franchised and affiliate), as well as over 350 retail fuel locations, operating in province and in over 900 communities across Canada. The Company's Investments and Other Operations segment includes its equity investments in real estate, which are focused on the ownership of income-producing retail, office and mixed-use properties through an equity accounted ownership interest in Crombie REIT and residential land development in select communities in Ontario, Western Canada and the United States through its investments in Genstar. Crombie REIT owns a portfolio of approximately 255 retail and office properties. 	Empire Company Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	125000	February 12, 1963
EMA.PR.F	nul	Emera Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
ENB	Enbridge Inc. (Enbridge) is an energy transportation and distribution company. The Company operates in five segments: Liquids Pipelines; Gas Distribution; Gas Pipelines, Processing and Energy Services; Sponsored Investments, and Corporate. Liquids Pipelines segment owns and operates crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbons pipelines and terminals. Gas Distribution consists of the Company's natural gas utility operations. Gas Pipelines, Processing and Energy Services segment consists of investments in natural gas pipelines, gathering and processing facilities and the Company's energy services businesses, along with renewable energy and transmission facilities. Sponsored Investments includes the Company's 33.7% economic interest in Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP), and Enbridge's interests in both the Eastern Access and Lakehead System Mainline expansion projects held through Enbridge Energy, Limited Partnership (EELP). The Corporate segment includes an investment in Noverco Inc. 	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	8652	December 15, 1987
ENB.PF.A	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ECA	Encana Corporation is engaged in the business of the exploration, development, production and marketing of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs). The Company operates through three business segments: Canadian Operations, which includes the exploration for, development of, and production of natural gas oil and NGLs and other related activities within Canada; USA Operations, which includes the exploration for, development of, and production of natural gas oil and NGLs and other related activities within the United States and Market Optimization, which includes third-party purchases and sales of products that provide operational flexibility for transportation commitments, product type, delivery points and customer diversification. Market Optimization sells all of the Company's upstream production to third-party customers. Its growth assets include Permian; Tuscaloosa Marine Shale; Eagle Ford; Montney; Duvernay; DJ Basin, and San Juan. 	Encana Corporation	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	2726	January 1, 2006
ENB.PF.C	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PF.E	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PF.G	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PF.V	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.A	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PF.U	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.D	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.F	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.B	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.H	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.J	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.P	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.N	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.T	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.U	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENF	Enbridge Income Fund Holdings Inc., through its investment in Enbridge Income Fund, holds energy infrastructure assets. The Company's business is limited to ownership of its interest in Enbridge Income Fund (the Fund). The Fund's objective is to pay out a high proportion of available cash in the form of dividends to shareholders. The Fund is involved in the transportation, storage and generation of energy through its liquids transportation and storage business, its 50% interest in the Alliance Pipeline (natural gas transmission) and its interests in 592 (530 net) megawatts (MW) of renewable and alternative power generation capacity (Green Power). 	Enbridge Income Fund Holdings Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	March 26, 2010
ENB.PR.V	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
ENB.PR.Y	nul	Enbridge Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
EDV	Endeavour Mining Corporation is an intermediate gold producer delivering growth. The Company owns five gold mines producing approximately 580,000 ounces per year in Cote dIvoire, Mali, Ghana, and Burkina Faso. The Company has Proven and Probable mineral reserves of approximately 4.8 million ounces and Measured and Indicated mineral resources of approximately 8.5 million ounces. In addition, the Hounde Project in Burkina Faso is fully permitted and has an approximately 2.1 million ounce reserve and the potential to produce approximately 190,000 ounces per year over 10 years. 	Endeavour Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	400	July 25, 2002
EDR	Endeavour Silver Corp. (Endeavour) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in silver mining in Mexico and related activities, including property acquisition, exploration, development, mineral extraction, processing, refining and reclamation. The Company is also engaged in exploration activities in Chile. Its producing mines include Guanacevi Mine, which is located 260 kilometers northwest of the city of Durango, Mexico; Bolanitos Mine, which is located 10 kilometers northwest of the city of Guanajuato, Mexico, and El Cubo Mine, which is located six kilometers southeast of the city of Guanajuato. Its exploration projects include Guadalupe y Calvo, an advanced silver-gold exploration project; Parral Mine, which is located around 210 kilometers south of the city of Chihuahua, Mexico; Terronera, a project is located 40 kilometers northeast of Puerto Vallarta in the state of Jalisco, Mexico, and Lourdes, an early-stage exploration silver and gold property. 	Endeavour Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1697	March 11, 1981
ENL	Endo International plc (Endo) is a global specialty healthcare company focused on branded and generic pharmaceuticals and devices. The Company operates in four segments: U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals, U.S. Generic Pharmaceuticals, Devices and International Pharmaceuticals. U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals segment includes brand names, such as Lidoderm, Opana ER, Voltaren Gel, Percocet, Fortesta Gel and Natesto, among others. Non-branded U.S. Generic Pharmaceuticals portfolio consists of products focused on pain management. Devices segment focuses on providing technology solutions to physicians treating women's pelvic health conditions and operates in the business lines, such as women's health therapy. International Pharmaceuticals segment includes a range of specialty pharmaceutical products and certain medical devices for the Canadian, Latin American, South African and world markets. 	Endo International PLC			6406	October 31, 2013
EGZ	Energizer Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and mine development company. The Company's principal business is the acquisition and exploration of mineral resources. The Company's principal asset is the Molo Graphite Project. The Company also holds interests in the Green Giant Property in Madagascar and the Sagar Property in Quebec, Canada. The Company's Green Giant project comprises claims located in south-central Madagascar located approximately 145 kilometers southeast of the city of Toliara, in the Tulear region/Fotadrevo. The Green Giant project covers an area of around 225 square kilometers situated in two separate blocks. The Company's Molo Graphite project is located approximately 160 kilometers southeast of the city of Toliara, in the Tulear region of south-western Madagascar. The Company's Manga Vanadium project is located in Madagascar. The Company has not generated any revenues. 	Energizer Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	May 7, 2008
ECI	EnerCare Inc. is a Canada-based company, which provides home services and is engaged in the sub-metering business. The Company has two segments: Home Services and Sub-metering. Its Home Services segment is engaged in the provision of water heaters, furnaces, air conditioners, and other heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) rental products, protection plans and related services. Through its subsidiary, EnerCare Solutions, it operates the Home Services business. Home Services' protection plans are maintenance protection plans and full service protection plans. Its other category includes services, such as duct cleaning, plumbing work and non-contracted chargeable services. Its Sub-metering segment is engaged in the provision of sub-metering equipment and billing services. The Company, through EnerCare Connections Inc., a subsidiary, provides sub-metering services for electricity, thermal and water. 	EnerCare Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	87	September 27, 2010
ECI.DB	nul	EnerCare Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	
PCF.UN	Energy Credit Opportunities Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to provide holders of Units (Unitholders) with a stable stream of monthly distributions and to provide holders of Units with the opportunity for growth in the net asset value (NAV) per Unit. The Fund will invest in a portfolio consisting of North American fixed income securities of issuers in the energy sector, which may include non-investment grade, investment grade and convertible debt securities. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its Total Assets in foreign currency (non-Canadian or United States) denominated fixed income securities. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its Total Assets in other income-producing assets, including but not limited to equity securities, preferred securities and exchange-traded funds. Purpose Investments Inc. is the manager of the Fund and its portfolio advisor is Lazard Asset Management LLC. 	Energy Credit Opportunities Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PCF.U	nul	Energy Credit Opportunities Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
EFX	Enerflex Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which is a supplier of natural gas compression, oil and gas processing, refrigeration systems and electric power equipment. The Company also provides in-house engineering and mechanical services. The Company's inhouse resources provide the capability to engineer, design, manufacture, construct, commission and service hydrocarbon handling systems. The Company's segments include Canada, United States and Rest of World segments. Each segment has three product lines, which include Engineered Systems, Service and Rentals. 	Enerflex Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	2300	June 1, 2011
EFR	Energy Fuels Inc. (Energy Fuels) is a United States-based intermediate uranium mining and production company. The Company has operations in Utah, Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Wyoming. Energy Fuels wholly owns the White Mesa Mill in Utah, a uranium processing facility. Vanadium is a co-product from its mines on the Colorado Plateau. The White Mesa Mill produces additional U3O8 through the processing of other uranium-bearing sources, referred to as alternate feed materials. It owns or controls a portfolio of uranium and vanadium properties in various stages of exploration, permitting, development and production, including a producing mine on the Arizona Strip, mines on standby on the Colorado Plateau, and additional permitting, development and exploration properties in Utah, Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado. It also owns the Sheep Mountain Project in Wyoming, a project with uranium resources. 	Energy Fuels Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	124	September 2, 2005
EFR.DB	nul	Energy Fuels Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
ENI.UN	Energy Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end mutual fund investment trust. The Funds investment objectives are to provide the Unit holders with monthly cash distributions and to achieve a total return on the portfolio that is greater than the total return provided by the bench mark index, which is S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index. Artemis Investment Management Limited is the investment fund manager of the Fund. Vestcap Investment Management Inc. is the Portfolio Advisor of the Fund. 	Energy Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	August 29, 2005
HEN.UN	nul	Energy Leaders Income Fund			--	
HPF.UN	Energy Leaders Plus Income Fund is a Canada-based investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unit holders with monthly cash distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would otherwise be experienced by owning equity securities of the energy leaders directly. The Fund offers Series A units and Series U units. The Series U units are designed for investors making their investment in the United States dollars and will not be listed on a stock exchange, but are convertible into Series A Units on a monthly basis. Its portfolio is focused on sectors, including energy issuers, cash and other assets and liabilities, and foreign currency forward contract, and geographic locations, such as the United States and Canada. Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. serves as the Manager and Highstreet Asset Management Inc. serves as investment manager of the Fund. 	Energy Leaders Plus Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 24, 2014
ERF	Enerplus Corporation is a Canada-based energy producer. The Companys capital program is focused on the development of its crude oil and natural gas core areas of operation, which includes its North Dakota and Montana crude oil assets in the Williston Basin, and its natural gas interests in northeast Pennsylvania. The Companys oil and natural gas property interests are located in western Canada in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan, and in the United States, primarily in the states of Montana, North Dakota, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. The Companys properties consist of approximately 42% crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) and 58% natural gas properties. The Company drilled around 14 wells at Brooks; seven injection wells and seven production wells at Medicine Hat and 27.2 net horizontal wells in the Fort Berthold region. It has around 71 net producing wells in the Marcellus. Enerplus USA is a subsidiary of the Company. 	Enerplus Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	588	August 12, 2010
ENT.DB	nul	ENTREC Corp	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	--	
ENT	ENTREC Corporation is a Canada-based capital pool company. It is a provider of heavy lift and heavy haul services with offerings encompassing crane services, heavy haul transportation, engineering, logistics and support. The Company provides these services to the oil and natural gas, construction, petrochemical, mining and power generation industries. The Companys service portfolio includes Heavy Haul Platform, SPMT, Crane Services, Heavy Haul Conventional, ENTREC Engineering, Jack and Slide and Additional Services. The Company offers engineered solutions for a variety of equipment and services that include Heavy haul specialized hydraulic platform trailers, Heavy haul with multi wheel conventional trailers, Heavy Lift Crane Services, Picker Truck Services, Jack and Roll, Pilot Cars, Legal Load, Hot Shot, Engineering solutions and Compression Load Cell Weighing. 	ENTREC Corp	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	700	October 23, 2009
ESL	Enghouse Systems Limited is a Canada-based company that develops enterprise software solutions. The Company has two business segments: the Interactive Management Group and the Asset Management Group. The Interactive Management Group specializes in customer interaction software and services. Its core technologies include contact center, attendant console, interactive voice response, dialers, agent performance optimization and analytics that support any telephony environment, deployed on premise or in the cloud. The Asset Management Group provides a portfolio of products to telecom service providers, utilities and the oil and gas industry, such as telecom billing, intelligent routing, number portability, network asset management, geographic information systems (GIS), wholesale revenue management solutions and data conversion services. The Company also provides fleet routing, dispatch, scheduling, communications and emergency control center solutions. 	Enghouse Systems Ltd	Technology	Software	1381	November 23, 1984
ESI	Ensign Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of providing oilfield services to the oil and gas industry in Canada, the United States and internationally. The Company's oilfield services include drilling and well servicing, oil sands coring, directional drilling, underbalanced and managed pressure drilling, equipment rentals, transportation, wireline services and production testing services. The Company's Canadian operations span the four western provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba and include the Northwest Territories and the Yukon. In the United States, the Company operates predominantly in the Rocky Mountain and southern regions, as well as the states of California, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Pennsylvania and Michigan. Internationally, the Company operates in Australia, Argentina, Kurdistan, Libya, Oman and Venezuela. 	Ensign Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	8400	March 31, 1987
ETG	Entree Gold Inc. (Entree) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company focused on the worldwide discovery and development of copper and gold prospects. The Company has significant interests in three key copper porphyry deposits: &#160;the Hugo North Extension; the Heruga deposits in Mongolia; and, the Ann Mason deposit, located near Yerington, Nevada. In North America, the Company is exploring for porphyry-related copper systems in Nevada and New Mexico. &#160;The primary North American asset is the Ann Mason Project, located near Yerington, Nevada. 	Entree Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	61	July 19, 1995
E	Enterprise Group, Inc. (Enterprise) is a Canada-based construction services company. The Company operates in the energy, utility and transportation infrastructure industry. Its focus is primarily underground construction and maintenance, and specialty equipment rentals. The Company operates through two business segments, including Equipment Rental and Utilities/infrastructure construction, in Western Canada. Enterprise provides directional drilling and installation of underground power, telecommunications and natural gas lines to the utility infrastructure segment. The Companys heavy equipment rentals subsidiary, E One Limited, provides equipment rentals for both the oilfield and civil construction sectors and project crews constructing pipelines and facilities. 	Enterprise Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	0	March 23, 2004
EQI	Equity Financial Holdings Inc. is a Canada-based company serving the alternative retail mortgage market through its wholly owned subsidiary, Equity Financial Trust Company (EFT or Equity Trust). The Company, through EFT, offers residential mortgage loans funded primarily through the issuance of retail deposits. EFT is a deposit-taking institution. EFT focuses on financing residential mortgages for non-prime and near-prime customers, a market segment commonly referred to as the alternative mortgage market. EFT's lending activities are concentrated in urban and suburban areas of Ontario. EFT sources its loans through mortgage brokers, who collectively originate approximately 30% of Canada's residential mortgages. The Company provides mortgages primarily for owner occupied, single-family residential properties for purchases, refinances, equity take-outs and debt consolidation. EFT sources its deposit funding through registered investment dealers. 	Equity Financial Holdings Inc	Financials	Investment Services	82	January 17, 2005
EPS	Epsilon Energy Ltd. is an independent oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the development, exploitation and exploration of oil and gas reserves. The Company consists of three main companies that represent its operating segments: Epsilon Energy Ltd., which includes the exploration for, development and production of oil and natural gas within Canada; Epsilon Energy USA, Inc., which includes the exploration for, development and production of oil and natural gas in the United States, and Epsilon Midstream, LLC., which owns 35% in a 330 million cubic feet per day gas gathering and compression system in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania. The Company's primary area of operation is Pennsylvania. Its assets are concentrated in areas with hydrocarbon resources, which are conducive to multi-well, repeatable drilling programs. 	Epsilon Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	16	March 14, 2005
EQB	Equitable Group Inc. is a financial services company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Equitable Bank (the Bank). The Bank provides mortgage loans to a range of customers that include business-for-self borrowers, newcomers to Canada and commercial real estate investors. The Bank also provides savers with savings accounts and guaranteed investment certificates (GICs) that provide security and interest rates. The Company's business lines include single family lending services, which include mortgages for owner-occupied and investment properties; commercial lending services, which include mortgages for commercial property; securitization financing include insured mortgages on multi-unit and prime single family residential properties funded through securitization programs, and deposit services include safe and secure savings products. The Company serves retail and commercial customers across Canada with a range of savings solutions and mortgage lending products. 	Equitable Group Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	405	January 1, 2004
EQU.DB.B	nul	Equal Energy Ltd			--	
ERX	Era Resources Inc, formerly Marengo Mining Limited, is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company focuses on the discovery, exploration and development of copper, gold and molybdenum in Papua New Guinea. The Company's Yandera project is located approximately 90 kilometers southwest of the northern seaport of Madang in Papua New Guinea and situated within the Guinea Copper-Gold Belt. The Yandera project includes approximately 100 diamond drill holes totaling over 33,000 meters. The Yandera porphyry system is located within the southern portion of the granted approximately 620 square kilometers exploration licenses that covers over 100 kilometers. The Yandera project has a measured mineral resource of approximately 190 metric tons of Copper equivalent and an indicated resource of approximately 430 metric tons of Copper equivalent. The Company's subsidiaries include Yandera Mining Company Limited and Marengo Mining (PNG) Limited. 	Era Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	250	September 6, 2012
EPS.DB	nul	Epsilon Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
EQB.PR.C	nul	Equitable Group Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	
EBC.UN	Europe Blue-Chip Dividend & Growth Fund (the Trust) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Trust's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with stable quarterly distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation through investment exposure to an equally-weighted portfolio consisting of approximately 20 highest yielding equity securities included in The Europe Dow, and mitigate the impact of foreign exchange exposure through the use of currency hedging strategies. The Trust's portfolio invests in a range of sectors, including energy, financials, industrials, materials, consumer staples, telecommunication services, healthcare, consumer discretionary, information technology and utilities. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. (SMCAI) serves as the manager of the Trust. 	Europe Blue-Chip Dividend & Growth Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 26, 2014
ERD	Erdene Resource Development Corporation is a resource exploration and development company. The Company is focused on base and precious metals exploration in Mongolia. Its projects include the Zuun Mod Molybdenum-Copper Project and the Altan Nar Gold-Silver Project. The Zuun Mod Molybdenum Project is a porphyry molybdenum-copper deposit located in Bayankhongor Province, Mongolia. The Altan Nar prospect (Golden Sun) is located in southwestern Mongolia. Altan Nar prospect hosts low-sulphidation epithermal gold-silver-polymetallic mineralization. Its drilling is concentrated within the Discovery Zone (DZ) and surrounding area. Within the DZ, the Company has demonstrated multiple drill holes at around 50 meter to 100 meter intervals and around four trenches that demonstrated vertical and lateral continuity of gold-polymetallic mineralization along around 400 meters strike length. Its prospects include Union South prospect, Riverside prospect, Maggie prospect and Northbow prospect. 	Erdene Resource Development Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 27, 2000
ESP	Espial Group Inc. (Espial) is a Canada-based developer and marketer of television (TV) browser and TV Everywhere software solutions to electronics manufacturers and telecommunications service providers. The Company also supplies digital (TV) and internet protocol television (IPTV) software and solutions to cable multiple-system operators (MSOs). The Espial TV Browser product allows Smart TV manufacturers to provide a full web experience on TVs, set-top boxes and digital media adapters. The Espial Media Service Platform and Espial MediaBase Platform enable the delivery of TV Everywhere and IPTV services over Internet Protocol broadband networks. The Company products allow communications service providers to deploy TV Everywhere and IPTV services to their subscribers. Espials platforms facilitate the provisioning of i video services such as video-on-demand and time-shift TV. 	Espial Group Inc	Technology	Software	65	April 25, 1997
EPI	ESSA Pharma Inc. is a Canada-based pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development of small molecule drugs for the treatment of cancers, including advanced prostate cancer. The Company is developing drugs that selectively block the N-terminal domain of the androgen receptor (AR). The Company has no products in commercial production or use. ESSA Pharma Corp. is the Company's subsidiary. 	ESSA Pharma Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	11	January 6, 2009
ETX	Etrion SA is a Switzerland-based independent power producer (IPP) that develops, builds, owns and operates utility-scale solar power generation plants. The Company owns 130 MW of installed solar capacity in Italy and Chile. Etrion also has 34 MW of solar projects under construction in Japan and is actively developing greenfield solar power projects in Japan and Chile. Etrions 60 MW portfolio of solar photovoltaic (PV) projects in Italy generated more than 100 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity. The Company has one reportable segment, the renewable energy segment, which includes the Groups solar power projects. The Company focuses on countries with solar irradiation and government incentives for solar power production, specifically feed-in-tariff (FiT) environments like Italy. It also focuses on power purchase agreements (PPAs) with industrial clients in the Americas. 	Etrion SA			23	September 1, 2008
ESN	Essential Energy Services Ltd., through its indirect wholly owned subsidiaries provide oilfield services to oil and natural gas producers, primarily in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. The Company operates in two segments: well servicing and downhole tools & rentals. The well servicing segment provides production and completion services through its fleet of coil tubing rigs, nitrogen and fluid pumpers and service rigs. It operates the coil tubing well service fleet in Canada. Coil tubing rigs have continuous coil tubing that is used to transmit inert gas or other fluids through the tubing to clean out oil and natural gas wells. Coil tubing is also used to convey, implement and install various downhole tools, for completion, work-over, fishing operations and to drill out multi-stage fracturing components. It provides oilfield services with coil tubing, nitrogen and fluid pumpers, service rigs and downhole tools and rentals, including the Tryton Multi-Stage Fracturing System. 	Essential Energy Services Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	996	February 26, 2010
ET	Evertz Technologies Limited (Evertz) is Canada-based company, which provides equipment to the television broadcast telecommunications and new-media industries. Evertz designs, manufactures and markets video and audio infrastructure equipment for the production, post-production and transmission of television content. The Companys television broadcast equipment market segment is involved in the sale of hardware and software solutions including related services, training and commissioning. Its products include routers, infrastructure products, multi-viewers, RF products, compression products, master sync, clock and test products, master control and branding products, monitoring, control and Network Management System, fiber and transport products, playout and media management and production and post-production products. The Companys subsidiaries include Evertz Microsystems Ltd., Evertz USA, Evertz UK, Holdtech Kft., Tech Digital Manufacturing Limited and Truform Metal Fabrication Ltd. 	Evertz Technologies Ltd	Technology	Communications Equipment	1341	May 28, 1981
EBF.UN	European Strategic Balanced Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to seek attractive risk-adjusted total returns and lower volatility in European equities and fixed income securities by investing in three actively managed strategies. The Fund's assets are invested in three distinct underlying portfolios: Equity Momentum Portfolio, which utilizes price momentum strategies to provide short-term returns, and is managed by Jean-Luc Landry of Landry; Equity Value Portfolio, which utilizes value investment strategies to provide long-term capital appreciation, and is managed by Benoit Brillon of Landry, and Fixed Income Portfolio, which utilizes fixed income investment strategies to provide modest income, lower volatility and some potential downside protection, and is managed by Francois Bourdon of Fiera. Artemis Investment Management Limited is the investment manager of the Fund. 	European Strategic Balanced Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 29, 2014
XCT	exactEarth Ltd, located in Cambridge, Ontario, microsatellite technology provider. 	exactEarth Ltd	Technology	Communications Equipment	--	August 11, 2006
EGI.UN	Excel India Growth & Income Fund is a Canada-based trust fund company engaged in the investment trusts industry. The Fund is a closed-end investment fund that invests in an actively managed, diversified portfolio comprised primarily of publicly-listed equity securities and investment grade fixed income securities. The Fund is managed by Excel Funds Management Inc and its portfolio is managed by Excel Investment Counsel Inc. The Fund is active in Canada. 	Excel India Growth & Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
EXF	EXFO Inc. is a provider of test and service assurance solutions for network operators and equipment manufacturers in the global telecommunications industry. The Company offers core-to-edge solutions that assess the performance and reliability of converged, Internet Protocol (IP) fixed and mobile networks. The Companys test and service assurance solutions specifically target high-growth market opportunities related to increasing bandwidth and improving quality of experience on next-generation networks: 3G, 4G/LTE (long-term evolution), wireless backhaul, small cells and distributed antenna systems (DAS), 100G network upgrades and fiber-to-the-home (FTTH)/fiber-to-the-curb (FTTC)/fiber-to-the-node (FTTN) deployments. The Company offers products for network operators, for network equipment manufacturers and for life sciences and industrial customers. 	EXFO Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	1499	September 18, 1985
EIF	Exchange Income Corporation is a Canada-based diversified company, focused on acquisition opportunities in the industrial products and transportation sectors. The Company operates through two segments, Aviation and Manufacturing. The Aviation segment provides airline services to communities in Manitoba, Ontario and Nunavut. In addition, with the acquisition of Regional One, the Aviation segment is a provider of aircraft and engine aftermarket parts to regional airline operators around the world. The Manufacturing segment consists of metal manufacturers in markets throughout Canada and the United States. The Companys subsidiaries include Perimeter Aviation LP, Keewatin Air LP, Calm Air International LP, Bearskin Lake Air Service LP, Custom Helicopters Ltd., Overlanders Manufacturing LP, Water Blast Manufacturing LP and WesTower Communications Ltd. 	Exchange Income Corp	Industrials	Airlines	3934	January 1, 2010
EIF.DB.G	nul	Exchange Income Corp	Industrials	Airlines	--	
EXN	Excellon Resources Inc. is a primary silver mining and exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploration, development and mining the silverleadzinc mineralization. The Company performs its operations on its 40,854hectare Platosa Property (Platosa) located in northeastern Durango State, Mexico. The ore mined is processed at the Company's mill located in Miguel Auza in Zacatecas State, Mexico. At Miguel Auza, the Company produces a silverlead concentrate and a silverzinc concentrate. Both concentrates are shipped to the port of Manzanillo where they are purchased by Trafigura Mexico, S.A. de C.V. The Company's others property is Miguel Auza, which constitutes an area of 14,000 hectare. The property covers numerous high and lowsulphide epithermal veins carrying silver, gold, lead, and zinc. 	Excellon Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	294	May 31, 2012
EIF.DB.F	nul	Exchange Income Corp	Industrials	Airlines	--	
XRC	Exeter Resource Corporation (Exeter) is a mineral resource exploration and development company. The Companys principal property is the Caspiche property in northern Chile. The Company is engaged in the business of acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in the Maricunga Region, Chile. Its 100% owned Caspiche Project in Chile (with a 3% Net Smelter Royalty to Anglo American Chile Limitada) is a gold-copper porphyry system. The Company has three wholly owned subsidiaries: Sociedad Contractual Minera Eton Chile (Eton Chile), Sociedad Contractual Minera Retexe Chile (Retexe Chile) and Eton Mining Corp (Eton). Eton Chile and Retexe Chile are Chilean corporations, registered to conduct the Companys business in Chile. Eton is a British Columbia corporation, and is not active. As of December 31, 2013, Exeter had been granted 48 mining exploration concessions over the original concessions, vacant ground and those of third parties, totaling 13,400 hectare (ha). 	Exeter Resource Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	17	February 10, 1984
EIF.DB.E	nul	Exchange Income Corp	Industrials	Airlines	--	
EIF.DB.D	nul	Exchange Income Corp	Industrials	Airlines	--	
XTC	Exco Technologies Limited is a designer, developer and manufacturer of dies, molds, components and assemblies, and consumable equipment for the die-cast, extrusion and automotive industries. The Company operates in two segments: Casting and Extrusion Segment, and Automotive Solutions Segment. The Casting and Extrusion Segment designs, develops and manufactures die-casting and extrusion tooling and consumable parts for both aluminum die-casting and aluminum extrusion machines. The Casting and Extrusion Segment's operations are based in North America, South America and Thailand, and serve automotive and industrial markets around the world. The Automotive Solutions Segment designs and manufactures automotive interior trim components and assemblies primarily for passenger and light truck vehicles. The Polytech and Polydesign businesses manufacture synthetic net and other cargo restraint products, injection-molded components, shift/ brake boots, related console components and assemblies. 	Exco Technologies Ltd	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	5362	July 28, 1986
EXE.DB.B	nul	Extendicare Inc	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
EXE	Extendicare Inc. is a provider of senior care and services throughout Canada. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates long-term care (LTC) centers in Canada and provides home health care services in Ontario, Canada. The Company has two operating segments within its Canadian operations: long-term care and home health care operations. In the long-term care segment, the Company owns and operates 57 LTC centers in Canada. In the home health care segment, the Company provides home health care services through its ParaMed division. The Company's other Canadian operations consisted of its management and group purchasing services. The Company's U.S. continuing operations consists of Virtual Care Provider, Inc. (VCPI), which provides information technology hosting and professional services to long-term and post-acute health care providers, and Captive Insurance Company, which self-insures certain risks related to general and professional liability of its U.S. operations. 	Extendicare Inc	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	16800	July 1, 2012
FGX	Faircourt Gold Income Corp. is a Canada-based closed-ended fund that invests in the precious metals sector. The Fund invests in gold equities which include senior and intermediate gold producers that are part of the S&P/TSX Global Gold Index. The investment objective of the Fund is to provide the shareholders with monthly distributions along with an opportunity for capital appreciation. Faircourt Asset Management Inc. is the investment advisor of the Fund. 	Faircourt Gold Income Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	September 6, 2007
FCS.UN	nul	Faircourt Split Trust			--	
FCS.PR.C	nul	Faircourt Split Trust			--	
FFH	Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in property and casualty insurance, and reinsurance and investment management. The Company's insurance and reinsurance companies operate on a decentralized basis. The Company's subsidiaries provide a range of property and casualty products, maintaining a diversified portfolio of risks across all classes of business, geographic regions, and types of insureds. The Company's investments are managed by Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. (Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel). The Company's principal subsidiaries include Northbridge Financial Corporation, Federated Insurance Company of Canada Limited, Crum & Forster Holdings Corp, Seneca Insurance Company, Inc., Zenith National Insurance Corp., Odyssey Re Holdings Corp., First Capital Insurance Limited, Falcon Insurance Company (Hong Kong) Ltd. and The Pacific Insurance Berhad, among others. 	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	11450	November 23, 1976
FFH.PR.D	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.F	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.C	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.E	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.G	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.J	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.H	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.I	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.K	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.PR.M	nul	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
FFH.U	Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in property and casualty insurance, and reinsurance and investment management. The Company's insurance and reinsurance companies operate on a decentralized basis. The Company's subsidiaries provide a range of property and casualty products, maintaining a diversified portfolio of risks across all classes of business, geographic regions, and types of insureds. The Company's investments are managed by Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. (Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel). The Company's principal subsidiaries include Northbridge Financial Corporation, Federated Insurance Company of Canada Limited, Crum & Forster Holdings Corp, Seneca Insurance Company, Inc., Zenith National Insurance Corp., Odyssey Re Holdings Corp., First Capital Insurance Limited, Falcon Insurance Company (Hong Kong) Ltd. and The Pacific Insurance Berhad, among others. 	Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	11450	November 23, 1976
FSZ	Fiera Capital Corporation is an independent, full-service, multi-product investment firm, providing investment advisory and related services. The Company offers multi-style investment solutions through diversified investment strategies to institutional investors, private wealth clients and retail investors. In addition to managing its clients' accounts on a segregated basis, it uses pooled funds to manage specialized asset classes and to combine the assets of smaller clients to achieve investment efficiencies. To provide retail investors with access to its investment management services, the Company also manages and acts as an investment manager to mutual funds including certain commodity pool funds. In the United States, asset management services are provided by the Company's subsidiaries, which operate under the name Fiera Capital Global Asset Management serving institutional and private clients. 	Fiera Capital Corp	Financials	Investment Services	250	November 22, 1955
FIH.U	Fairfax India Holdings Corporation is a Canada-based investment holding company. The Company's investment objective is to achieve long-term capital appreciation, while preserving capital, by investing in public and private equity securities and debt instruments in India and Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business conducted in or dependent on India. The Company intends to invest in businesses that are expected to benefit from India's pro-business political environment, its growing middle class and its demographic trends that are expected to underpin strong growth for several years. The Company has two subsidiaries, FIH Mauritius Investments Ltd and FIH Private Investments Ltd. 	Fairfax India Holdings Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	November 25, 2014
FRX	Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc., formerly Adherex Technologies Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on cancer therapeutics. The Companys lead products both of which are in the clinical stage of development include Sodium Thiosulfate (STS), a water soluble thiol compound that acts as a chemical reducing agent, in two Phase III clinical trials for the prevention of cisplatin induced hearing loss, or ototoxicity in children, and Eniluracil (EU), an oral irreversible dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD) inhibitor, the enzyme responsible for rapidly breaking down 5-FU, completed a Phase II clinical trial in metastatic breast cancer. The Company has three wholly owned subsidiaries: Oxiquant, Inc., Adherex, Inc. and Cadherin Biomedical Inc. 	Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	1	August 25, 2011
FRX.WT	nul	Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	
FTN.PR.A	nul	Financial 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FTN	Financial 15 Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund. The Fund invests primarily in a portfolio of commons shares, which includes 15 financial services companies. The Fund offers two types of shares: Preferred Shares and Class A Shares. Its investment objectives with respect to Preferred Shares are to provide holders of Preferred Shares with cumulative preferential monthly cash dividends in an amount of 5.25% annually and to pay the holders of the Preferred Shares $10 per Preferred Share on or about the termination date. Its investment objectives with respect to Class A Shares are to provide holders of Class A Shares with regular monthly cash distributions and to permit holders to participate in all growth in the net asset value of the Fund above $10 per unit, by paying holders on or about the termination date such amounts as remain in the Fund after paying $10 per Preferred Share. Quadravest Capital Management Inc. is the manager and the investment manager of the Fund. 	Financial 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 26, 2003
FTG	Firan Technology Group Corporation is a Canada-based supplier of aerospace and defense electronic products and subsystems. The Company operates in two segments: FTG Aerospace and FTG Circuits. The Company's FTG Aerospace segment designs and manufactures illuminated cockpit panels, keyboards, bezels, subassemblies and assemblies for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of avionics products, and for airframe manufacturers. Its FTG Aerospace has manufacturing operations in Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Chatsworth, California, the United States, and Tianjin, China. Its products display information and contain buttons and switches that can be used to input signals into an avionics box or aircraft. FTG Circuits is a manufacturer of high technology or high reliability printed circuit boards. FTG Circuits has manufacturing operations in Toronto, Ontario and Chatsworth, California, the United States. The Company has facilities in Canada, the United States and China. 	Firan Technology Group Corp	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	425	August 30, 2003
FTT	Finning International Inc. is a Canada-based Caterpillar dealer. The Company sells, rents and provides parts and service for equipment and engines to customers in various industries, including mining, construction, petroleum, forestry, and a range of power systems applications. It operates in three segments: Canadian operations, which include Finning, OEM Remanufacturing Company Inc. and Pipeline Machinery International, and its markets include mining (including the oil sands), construction, conventional oil and gas, forestry, and power systems; South American operations, which sell, service and rent Caterpillar equipment and engines in Chile, Argentina, Uruguay and Bolivia, and its markets include mining, construction, and power systems, and UK & Ireland Operations, which sell, service and rent Caterpillar equipment and engines in England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, and the Republic of Ireland and its markets include mining, quarrying, construction and power systems. 	Finning International Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	13003	October 8, 1986
FC.DB.C	nul	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	--	
FC.DB.B	nul	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	--	
FC.DB.A	nul	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	--	
FC	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corporation is a mortgage investment company and is a non-bank provider of residential and commercial real estate finance. The Company invests in mortgages secured by types of residential and commercial real property. The types of properties that it finances include residential houses, small multi-family residential properties consisting six units, such as residential apartment buildings, mixed-use residential apartments and store-front properties, investment properties, land and development sites, and development and construction projects. It also invests in all forms of short-term bridge financing for residential and commercial real estate (including construction loans) for owners and developers. The principal types of non-conventional mortgages in which it invests include equity and participating mortgage loans; joint venture financing for builders; mezzanine and subordinated mortgage debt; partnership capital and distressed mortgage debt purchases. 	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	1	October 22, 2010
FC.DB.F	nul	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	--	
FC.DB.D	nul	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	--	
FC.DB.E	nul	Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Banks	--	
ADC.UN	First Asset Canadian Convertibles, formerly Canadian Advantaged Convertibles Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment fund. The investment objective of the Fund is to provide holders of Units (Holders) with quarterly tax-advantaged distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund is created to obtain exposure to a diversified portfolio (the Portfolio) comprised primarily of convertible debentures of Canadian issuers. The manager and trustee of the Fund is First Asset Investment Management Inc. (First Asset). As of December 14, 2010, the Portfolio was actively managed by First Asset. As of November 9, 2010, First Asset had invested in various sectors, such as oil and gas, real estate and real estate investment trusts (REITs), retail and entertainment, miscellaneous, transportation, pipeline, electric and gas, food, chemicals, and mining and coal. 	First Asset Canadian Convertibles	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 10, 2010
RIT	First Asset Canadian REIT ETF (the Fund), formerly First Asset Canadian REIT Income Fund, is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders with the benefits of high monthly cash distributions together with the opportunity for capital appreciation through the active management of a diversified portfolio of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and real estate corporations that are listed on Canadian stock exchanges. The investment portfolio provides diversification among various real estate holdings, including apartment buildings, shopping centers, office buildings and nursing/retirement homes, among others. The manager and investment advisor of the Fund is First Asset Investment Management Inc. 	First Asset Canadian REIT Income Fund	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
CXF.A	nul	First Asset Canadian Convertible Bond ETF			--	
FDV	nul	First Asset Active Canadian Dividend ETF Common			--	
FDV.A	nul	First Asset Active Canadian Dividend ETF Common			--	
RIT.A	nul	First Asset Canadian REIT Income Fund	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
FAO.A	nul	First Asset Active Credit ETF Common	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FAO	nul	First Asset Active Credit ETF Common	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FAO.U	nul	First Asset Active Credit ETF Common	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CXF	nul	First Asset Canadian Convertible Bond ETF			--	
FAO.V	nul	First Asset Active Credit ETF Common	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FAI	First Asset Pipes & Power Income Fund is a Canada-based closed ended investment trust. The Funds investment objectives are to provide holders with the benefits of high monthly cash distributions and low management fees, together with the opportunity for capital appreciation by investing in an actively managed portfolio of pipeline and power issuers. The Fund invests in a portfolio of pipeline and power issuers. The Manager, Trustee and Investment Advisor of the Fund is First Asset Investment Management Inc. 	First Asset Active Utility & Infrastructure ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
OXF	nul	First Asset Can-Energy Covered Call ETF			--	
CIC	First Asset Fund Corp, known as CanBanc Income Corp, is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Fund's investment objectives include providing holders with quarterly distributions, the opportunity for capital appreciation, and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would be experienced by owning a portfolio of common shares of the banks directly. The Fund's investment portfolio consists of common shares of six Canadian banks, which include Bank of Montreal, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada, Royal Bank of Canada and the Toronto-Dominion Bank. The manager of the Fund is First Asset Investment Management Inc. (First Asset). 	First Asset Fund Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 28, 2010
OXF.A	nul	First Asset Can-Energy Covered Call ETF			--	
FAI.A	nul	First Asset Active Utility and Infrastructure ETF			--	
MXF.A	nul	First Asset Can-Materials Covered Call ETF			--	
BXF.A	nul	First Asset 1-5 Year Lad Govt Strip Bd Idx ETF			--	
MXF	nul	First Asset Can-Materials Covered Call ETF			--	
BXF	nul	First Asset 1-5 Year Lad Govt Strip Bd Idx ETF			--	
CED	nul	First Asset Core Canadian Equity Units ETF			--	
CES.A	nul	First Asset Core U.S. Equity ETF Hedged			--	
DCD.UN	First Asset Diversified Convertible Debenture Fund is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders with quarterly cash distributions together with the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund's strategy will be to invest on a managed basis, in a diversified portfolio comprised primarily of convertible debentures of Canadian and United States issuers. The Fund has exposure to its portfolio through a forward agreement with a Canadian chartered bank. The use of the forward agreement provides Unitholders with exposure to the portfolio of convertible debentures while facilitating tax efficient distributions to unitholders. First Asset Investment Management Inc. serves as the Fund's investment advisor. 	First Asset Diversified Convertible Debenture Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	October 30, 2000
CES.B	nul	First Asset Core U.S. Equity ETF Hedged			--	
CED.A	nul	First Asset Core Canadian Equity ETF			--	
FGV	nul	First Asset Global Value CAD hedged Class ETF			--	
CES	nul	First Asset Core U.S. Equity ETF Hedged			--	
TRF.UN	First Asset Energy & Resource Fund (the Fund) is an independent investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to achieve long-term growth, primarily through capital appreciation but also through investment in income generating assets, including units of income trusts. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio of securities of businesses active in, or providing service or support to businesses active in, the exploration, production, transportation or distribution of all forms of energy and natural resources. The Fund offers three product lines, which include Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), Mutual Funds, and Closed-End Funds. First Asset Investment Management Inc.(First Asset) is the Fund's Manager and Investment Advisor. 	First Asset Energy & Resource Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CES.D	nul	First Asset Core U.S. Equity ETF Hedged			--	
CES.U	nul	First Asset Core U.S. Equity ETF Hedged			--	
CBB	nul	First Asset Core Balanced ETF			--	
FGM	nul	First Asset Global Momentum CAD hedged Class ETF			--	
FGL	nul	First Asset Global Momentum Class ETF			--	
CES.V	nul	First Asset Core U.S. Equity ETF Hedged			--	
CBB.A	nul	First Asset Core Balanced ETF			--	
NXF.B	nul	First Asset Energy Giants Cov Call ETF Hgd			--	
NXF	nul	First Asset Energy Giants Cov Call ETF Hgd			--	
NXF.A	nul	First Asset Energy Giants Cov Call ETF Hgd			--	
NXF.D	nul	First Asset Energy Giants Cov Call ETF Hgd			--	
CSY	First Asset Core Canadian Equity Income ETF, formerly Can-60 Income Corp., is an exchange-traded, open-end mutual fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to seek to provide Shareholders with long-term capital appreciation with an attractive risk-adjusted rate of return and consistent dividend income through investing the Fund's portfolio to gain exposure to equity securities of primarily large capitalization Canadian issuers. The Fund is focused on using a multi-factor portfolio optimization strategy. First Asset Core Canadian Equity Income ETF is focused on investing directly in equity securities and/or indirectly in such securities through other exchange-traded funds (ETFs). The Fund invests in a range of sectors, including energy, materials financials, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, industrials, telecommunication services, information technology, cash and cash equivalents, utilities and healthcare. First Asset Investment Management Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	Can 60 Income Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 23, 2010
FGU	nul	First Asset Global Value Class ETF			--	
DXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar Can Div Tgt 30 Idx ETF			--	
WXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar Can Momentum Idx ETF			--	
WXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar Can Momentum Idx ETF			--	
DXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar Can Div Tgt 30 Idx ETF			--	
QXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar Natl Bank Quebec Index ETF			--	
VXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlVal Idx ETF Hgd			--	
VXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlVal Idx ETF Hgd			--	
QXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar Natl Bank Quebec Index ETF			--	
VXM.D	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlVal Idx ETF Hgd			--	
VXM.B	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlVal Idx ETF Hgd			--	
FHB	nul	First Asset Hamilton Capital Eupn Bk ETF Common			--	
FHB.A	nul	First Asset Hamilton Capital Eupn Bk ETF Common			--	
EB.UN	First Asset Hamilton Capital European Bank Fund is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objective is to seek long-term total returns consisting of long-term capital appreciation and regular dividend income from an actively managed portfolio comprised primarily of equity securities of European banks. The primary objective of the Fund is to generate returns in Canadian dollars, their capital-raising currency. The Fund invests in financials sector. The Fund will seek to achieve its investment objective through the application of specialized analysis. The Fund is focused on investing in a portfolio of equity securities that in the view of the portfolio manager represents a diversified portfolio of attractive opportunities in the European-banking sector. First Asset Investment Management Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	First Asset Hamilton Capital European Bank Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 29, 2014
FXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar Canada Value Idx ETF			--	
FXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar Canada Value Idx ETF			--	
ZXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlMom Idx ETF Hgd			--	
ZXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlMom Idx ETF Hgd			--	
ZXM.B	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlMom Idx ETF Hgd			--	
ZXM.D	nul	First Asset Morningstar IntlMom Idx ETF Hgd			--	
UCD.UN	First Asset Morningstar U.S. Consumer Defensive Index Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with monthly cash distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund invests in a portfolio that is designed to replicate, to the extent possible, the performance of the Morningstar Consumer Defensive Index (the Index), net of expenses. The portfolio will invest in the securities of the issuers consisting of the Index in the same proportion as these constituents represent in the Index and accordingly the composition of the portfolio will vary from time to time based on the composition of the Index. The Manager, Trustee and Investment Advisor of the Fund is First Asset Investment Management Inc. 	First Asset Morningstar Advantaged US Consumer Defensive Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	2013
PXF	nul	First Asset Provincial Bond Index ETF			--	
RWU	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI USA LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF			--	
PXF.A	nul	First Asset Provincial Bond Index ETF			--	
RWU.D	nul	FA MSCI USA LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF Unhdg Advs			--	
RWU.A	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI USA LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF			--	
YXM.D	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Momentum IdxETF CadHdgd			--	
RWU.B	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI USA LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF Unhdg			--	
YXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Momentum IdxETF CadHdgd			--	
RWC	nul	First Asset MSCI Canada Low Risk Weighted ETF			--	
YXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Momentum IdxETF CadHdgd			--	
RWC.A	nul	First Asset MSCI Canada Low Risk Weighted ETF			--	
RWW.A	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI WORLD LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF			--	
YXM.B	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Momentum IdxETF CadHdgd			--	
RWW	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI WORLD LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF			--	
FGB	nul	First Asset Short Term Government Bond Index Class ETF			--	
RWE	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI EUROPE LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF			--	
RWW.B	nul	First Asset MSCI World Low Risk Weighted ETF Unhgd			--	
RWE.A	nul	FIRST ASSET MSCI EUROPE LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF			--	
RWW.D	nul	First Asset MSCI World Low Risk Weighted ETF Unhgd			--	
XXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Value Index ETF CAD Hgd			--	
RWE.B	nul	FA MSCI EURO LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF Unhdg			--	
RWE.D	nul	FA MSCI EURO LOW RISK WEIGHTED ETF Unhdg Advs			--	
XXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Value Index ETF CAD Hgd			--	
TXF	nul	First Asset Tech Giants Covered Call ETF			--	
XXM.D	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Value Index ETF CAD Hgd			--	
XXM.B	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Value Index ETF CAD Hgd			--	
TXF.A	nul	First Asset Tech Giants Covered Call ETF			--	
UXM	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Div Target 50 Index ETF			--	
UXM.B	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Div Target 50 Index ETF			--	
UXM.A	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Div Target 50 Index ETF			--	
UXM.D	nul	First Asset Morningstar US Div Target 50 Index ETF			--	
FLI	First Asset U.S. & Canada LifeCo Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Units (Holders) with quarterly distributions; the opportunity for capital appreciation and lower overall volatility of Portfolio returns than would be experienced by owning a portfolio of common equity securities of LifeCo Companies directly. The Fund will invest in a portfolio (the Portfolio) of publicly-traded common equity securities (the Portfolio Securities) of the ten United States and Canadian life insurance companies by market capitalization. First Asset Investment Management Inc. ( First Asset) is the manager of the Fund. 	First Asset U S & Canada LifeCo Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 26, 2013
FDY	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX Canadian Dividend ETF			--	
FNM.UN	First National Mortgage Investment Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of the Units (Unitholders) with tax-advantaged monthly cash distributions, and preserve capital. The objective of the Fund is also to provide unitholders with tax-efficient quarterly distributions consisting of capital gains and returns of capital. The Mortgage Trust uses stringent underwriting criteria and experienced adjudicators to mitigate this risk. The Mortgage Trusts approach to managing credit risk is based on the consistent application of a detailed set of credit policies and prudent arrears management. Stone Asset Management Limited (the Manager) act as manager and portfolio manager of the Fund. 	First National Mortgage Investment Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 27, 2012
FDE.A	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX Em Mkt Div ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
FDY.A	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX Canadian Dividend ETF			--	
FLI.A	nul	First Asset U S & Canada LifeCo Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FDE	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX Em Mkt Div ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
EUR.A	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX European Dividend Index ETF			--	
EUR	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX European Dividend Index ETF			--	
FCR.DB.G	nul	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
FCR	First Capital Realty Inc. owns, develops and manages grocery anchored urban properties where people live and shop. The Company owns, develops and manages properties that provide consumers with products and services that are considered to be daily necessities or non-discretionary expenditures. It generates its revenues from tenants providing these daily essential products and services, including supermarkets, drugstores, banks, liquor stores, national discount retailers, restaurants, fitness, medical, childcare facilities and other personal services. The Company owns interests in approximately 158 properties, totaling around 24.3 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). The Company operates solely in Canada in three operating regions: Eastern region, which primarily includes operations in Quebec and the Ottawa area; Central region, which includes the Company's Ontario operations, excluding Ottawa; and Western region, which includes operations in Alberta and British Columbia. 	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	341	March 25, 2013
FCR.DB.F	nul	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
FCR.DB.E	nul	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
FCR.DB.I	nul	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
FCR.DB.H	nul	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
FR	First Majestic Silver Corp is engaged in the business of silver production, development, exploration, and acquisition of mineral properties with a focus on silver production in Mexico. The Company has eight segments, including five operating segments located in Mexico, one development project in Mexico, one retail market segment in Canada and one silver trading segment in Europe. Corporate and eliminations consists primarily of the Company's other exploration properties. All of the Company's operations are within the mining industry and its products are silver dore, silverlead and silverzinc concentrates. Its mine and properties include La Encantada Silver Mine, La Parrilla Silver Mine, Del Toro Silver Mine, San Martin Silver Mine, La Guitarra Silver Mine, La Luz Silver Project, Plomosas Silver Project and Jalisco Group of Properties. It other properties include the Penasco Quemado Silver Project, the La Frazada Silver Project and the Los Lobos Silver Project in the State of Sonora. 	First Majestic Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	3739	
FCR.DB.J	nul	First Capital Realty Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
FN.PR.A	nul	First National Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	--	
FM	First Quantum Minerals Ltd. is a Canada-based mining and metals company. The Company is engaged in the production of copper, nickel, gold, zinc, platinum group elements (PGE) and acid, and related activities, including exploration and development. Its operating mines are located in Zambia, Australia, Finland, Turkey, Spain and Mauritania. The Company's operations include the Kansanshi copper-gold mine, the Guelb Moghrein copper-gold mine, the Las Cruces copper mine, the Kevitsa nickel-copper-PGE mine, the Pyhasalmi copper-zinc mine, the Ravensthorpe nickel-cobalt mine and the Cayeli copper-zinc mine. The Company is developing the Trident project in Zambia, the Cobre Panama copper project in Panama, exploring the Haquira copper deposit in Peru and the Taca Taca copper-gold-molybdenum porphyry deposit in Argentina. Its subsidiareies include Kansanshi Mining Plc, First Quantum Mining and Operations Limited, Mauritanian Copper Mines SARL and FQM Kevitsa Mining OY, among others. 	First Quantum Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6500	
FN	First National Financial Corporation is a Canada-based originator, underwriter and servicer of prime residential (single-family and multi-unit) and commercial mortgages. The Company operates through two segments: Residential, which includes single-family residential mortgages and Commercial, which includes multi-unit residential and commercial mortgages. It provides mortgage financing solutions to the mortgage market in Canada. The Company also invests in short-term mortgages, usually for six- to 18-month terms. First National Financial LP (FNFLP), the subsidiary of the Company is an originator and underwriter of mortgages and a participant in the mortgage broker distribution channel. The Company's subsidiaries include First National Financial GP Corporation, FNFC Trust, First National Asset Management Inc., First National Mortgage Corporation, First National Mortgage Investment Fund and FN Mortgage Investment Trust. 	First National Financial Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	915	January 1, 2011
FPX	First Point Minerals Corp. (First Point) is a metal exploration company involved in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource interests. The Companys projects include Decar Nickel-Iron Alloy Project and 100% Owned Nickel-Iron Alloy Properties. The Decar project, which is the company's flagship nickel property, is a greenfield discovery of nickel mineralization in the form of a naturally occurring nickel-iron alloy called awaruite. The Decar property is 245 square kilometers in size and covers part of the Mount Sidney Williams ultramafic/ophiolite complex 90 kilometers northwest of Fort St. James in central British Columbia. The Company holds a 100% interest in a total of five properties in British Columbia and one in each of the Yukon Territory and Norway. 	First Point Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	15	February 2, 1995
FHH	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Health Care Sector ETF			--	
FHM	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Materials Sector ETF			--	
FUD.A	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX US Dividend ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
FUD	nul	First Trust AlphaDEX US Dividend ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
FHU	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Utilities Sector ETF			--	
FHC	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Consumer Staples Sector ETF			--	
FHD	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Consumer Discretionary Sector ETF			--	
FHQ	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Technology Sector ETF			--	
FHE	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Energy Sector ETF			--	
FHG	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Industrials Sector ETF			--	
FHF	nul	FT AlphaDEX US Financial Sector ETF			--	
ETP.A	nul	First Trust Global Risk Mngd Inc Idx ETF Common			--	
FSD.A	nul	First Trust Short Duration High Yield Bond ETF CAD Hedged			--	
FSD	nul	First Trust Short Duration High Yield Bond ETF CAD Hedged			--	
ETP	nul	First Trust Global Risk Mngd Inc Idx ETF Common			--	
FSL.A	nul	First Trust Senior Loan ETF			--	
FSL	nul	First Trust Senior Loan ETF			--	
FDS.UN	First Trust Global DividendSeeker Fund is a non-redeemable investment fund trust. The investment objectives of the First Trust Global DividendSeeker Fund are to provide holders of Units with monthly cash distributions, initially targeted at 6% of issue price per annum, and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund primarily invests in securities that are traded in active markets and can be readily disposed. The Fund offers two classes of units, which includes Class A units and Class F units. These Class F units are designed for fee-based or institutional accounts and are not listed on a stock exchange but are convertible into Class A Units on a monthly basis. First Trust Advisors L.P. is the portfolio manager of the Fund. The manager is responsible for implementing the investment strategy of the Fund. 	First Trust Global DividendSeeker Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 30, 2014
FTB	nul	First Trust Tactical Bond Index ETF			--	
OFR.UN	Floating Rate Income Fund is a Canada-based investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of units (unitholders) with monthly tax-advantaged distributions consisting initially primarily of returns of capital and to preserve capital. The Fund provides unitholders with exposure to a diversified portfolio, which consists of senior secured floating rate loans, floating rate notes and other debt obligations of investment and non-investment grade global issuers. The Fund focuses on sectors, which include consumer staples, consumer discretionary, telecommunication services, materials, financials, healthcare, industrials, diversified, pipelines, utilities, energy and information technology, among others. The Fund's investment manager is O'Leary Funds Management LP. 	Floating Rate Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 28, 2011
FFI.UN	Flaherty & Crumrine Investment Grade Fixed Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with a stable stream of monthly distributions, to preserve the Net Asset Value per unit and to enhance the total return per unit by actively managing the portfolio. The Fund invests in a portfolio of fixed income securities consisting primarily of the United States-dollar-denominated corporate debt and preferred securities of North American issuers. The Fund's investment portfolio sectors include insurance, banking, communications, energy, financial services, utilities and miscellaneous industries. The Fund's investment manager is Brompton Funds Limited. 	Flaherty and Crumrine Investment Grade Fixed Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 25, 2004
FSV	FirstService Corporation is a provider of property services. The Company offers property services through two service platforms, including FirstService Residential and FirstService Brands. FirstService Residential manages approximately 7,000 properties in residential communities. In addition to property management services, FirstService Residential provides other services in various areas, such as on-site staffing, including building engineering and maintenance, full-service amenity management, security, concierge and front desk personnel, and landscaping; banking and insurance products, and energy conservation and management solutions. FirstService Brands provides property services through seven brands, including Paul Davis Restoration, CertaPro Painters, California Closets, Pillar to Post Home Inspectors, Floorcoverings International, College Pro Painters and Service America. The Company also provides services related to energy, insurance, financial products and loan placement. 	FirstService Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	16000	October 6, 2014
FCU	Fission Uranium Corp. is a Canada-based uranium exploration company engaged in uranium exploration and development in Saskatchewan's Athabasca Basin in Western Canada. The Company is engaged in the growth and advancement of its core asset, the Patterson Lake South (PLS) project. PLS is a uranium exploration property located in the Athabasca Basin region of Saskatchewan, Canada. The PLS project is host to the Triple R deposit, the undeveloped uranium deposit in Canada's Athabasca Basin District. The property consists of around 17 contiguous claims totaling 31,039 hectares located approximately 550 kilometers north-northwest of the city of Prince Albert and 150 kilometers north of the community of La Loche. The PLS Property is located within the Mid-Boreal Upland Ecoregion of the Boreal Shield Ecozone. 	Fission Uranium Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 13, 2013
FAR	Foraco International S.A. is a France-based company engaged in the mining, geological and hydraulic drilling sectors. The Company's principle business consists of drilling contracts for companies primarily involved in mining and water exploration. The Company operates in two business segments: Mining and Water. The Mining segment covers drilling services offered to the mining and energy industry during the exploration, development and production phases of mining projects. The Water segment covers all activities linked to the construction of water wells leading to the supply of drinking water, the collection of mineral water, as well as the control, maintenance and renovation of the existing installations. The Water segment also includes drilling services offered to the environmental and construction industry, such as geological exploration and geotechnical drilling. 	Foraco International SA	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	1472	July 3, 1997
FP	FP Newspapers Inc. (FPI) is a publicly-traded corporation. The Company owns securities entitling it to about 49% of the distributable cash of FP Canadian Newspapers Limited Partnership (FPLP). FPLP owns the Winnipeg Free Press, the Brandon Sun, and their related businesses, as well as the Canstar Community News division. The Winnipeg Free Press publishes about six days a week for delivery to subscribers and single copy sales, serving Winnipeg and Manitoba with an average Monday through Saturday circulation of approximately 123,300 copies. The Brandon Sun publishes around seven days a week, serving the region with an average circulation of approximately 15,000 copies. Canstar Community News publishes weekly with an average circulation of approximately 200,000 copies. FPLPs subsidiary Derksen Printers operates a commercial Web and sheet-fed printing business and publishes a regional paid weekly newspaper, The Carillon. 	FP Newspapers Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	376	March 17, 2010
FSY	Forsys Metals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties located in Namibia, Africa. The Company's principal focus is on the development of it Norasa Uranium Project (Norasa). Norasa is the consolidation of the Valencia and Namibplaas Uranium Projects. The Company's principal subsidiaries include Namibian Metals Ltd., a British Virgin Islands-based holding company which owns 100% of the ordinary shares of Valencia Uranium (Proprietary) Limited, a Namibia based exploration company which holds a 100% interest in the Valencia Uranium Project; Dunefield Mining Company (Proprietary) Limited, a Namibian-based exploration company, which holds a 100% interest in the Namibplaas Uranium Project, and Namibian Westport Ltd., an Ontario-based holding company which owns all of the ordinary shares of Westport Resources Namibia (Proprietary) Ltd., a Namibian-based holding company. 	Forsys Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	14	May 13, 1985
FTS	Fortis Inc. (Fortis) is a Canada-based electric and gas utility company. The Company serves more than three million customers across Canada, the United States and the Caribbean. Fortis owns non-regulated hydroelectric generation assets in Canada, Belize and Upstate New York. Its non-utility investment is comprised of hotels and commercial real estate in Canada. It operates in two segments: non-regulated generation and non-utility assets. Its Regulated Electric & Gas Utilities in the United States comprise of Tucson Electric Power Company, UNS Electric, Inc., UNS Gas, Inc. and Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corporation. Its Regulated Gas Utilities in Canada include FortisBC Energy Inc.), FortisBC Energy (Vancouver Island) Inc. and FortisBC Energy (Whistler) Inc. Its Regulated Electric Utilities in Canada include FortisAlberta, FortisBC Electric and Eastern Canadian. Its Regulated Electric Utilities in the Caribbean include Caribbean Utilities Company, Ltd. and Fortis Turks and Caicos. 	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	6941	August 28, 1987
FTS.PR.E	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FCO	Formation Metals Inc. is a mineral exploration and mine development company. The Company through its subsidiaries explores mineral properties in Canada, the United States and Mexico. Its primary project is Idaho Cobalt Project (ICP), a 100% owned project that consists of a mine and mill located in Lemhi County, Idaho, and a cobalt production refining facility. Its properties in Idaho include Black Pine, in which it owns a 100% interest in mineral claims; Morning Glory, in which it has a 100% lease option on mineral claims located in the same area as the ICP; Queen of the Hills, in which it holds a 100% lease option on mineral claims located in Lemhi County, and Wallace Creek, in which it has a 100% interest in mineral claims located in Lemhi County. The Company owns a 100% interest in the El Milagro property in Mexico. Its properties in Saskatchewan, Canada include Kernaghan Lake / Bell, which consists of 13 mineral claims, and Virgin River, in which it owns 2% interest. 	Formation Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	16	June 13, 1988
FTS.PR.I	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTS.PR.H	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTS.PR.G	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTS.PR.J	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTS.PR.M	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTS.PR.K	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTS.PR.F	nul	Fortis Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FTP.DB	nul	Fortress Paper Ltd	Basic Materials	Paper Products	--	
FT	Fortune Minerals Limited is a diversified North American mining and development company that owns and operates the Revenue Silver Mine in Colorado. The Company is developing the vertically integrated NICO Gold-Cobalt-Bismuth-Copper Project that is comprised of a proposed mine and mill in Canadas Northwest Territories that will produce a bulk concentrate for shipment to a refinery in Saskatchewan for processing to high value metal and chemical products. Fortune is also developing the Arctos Anthracite Project in British Columbia and owns the Sue-Dianne Copper-Silver-Gold Deposit and other exploration projects in the Northwest Territories. 	Fortune Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1	August 2, 1988
FTP	Fortress Paper Ltd. (Fortress) is a Canada-based company. The Company operates business through two segments: Dissolving Pulp Segment and the Security Paper Products Segment. The Company operates its dissolving pulp business through the Fortress Specialty Cellulose (FSC) mill located in Thurso, Quebec, Canada. The mill expanded into the renewable energy generation sector with the completion of the cogeneration facility. The Company operates its security paper products business through the Landqart mill located in Switzerland, where it produces banknote, passport, visa and other brand protection and security papers. 	Fortress Paper Ltd	Basic Materials	Paper Products	373	May 30, 2006
FOR	nul	Fortune Bay Corp			--	
FTP.DB.A	nul	Fortress Paper Ltd	Basic Materials	Paper Products	--	
FVI	Fortuna Silver Mines Inc. (Fortuna) is a Canada-based mining company, which is engaged in silver mining and related activities in Latin America, including exploration, extraction and processing. The Company is engaged in the mining and processing of silver-lead, zinc and silver-gold products, and the sale of these products. The Company operates the Caylloma mine and the San Jose mine. Caylloma is an underground silver, lead and zinc mine located in southern Peru, in the Arequipa Department. San Jose is an underground silver-gold mine located in southern Mexico in the State of Oaxaca. The Company operates in Canada, Peru and Mexico. The Company's subsidiaries include Minera Bateas S.A.C., Fortuna Silver Mines Peru S.A.C., Compania Minera Cuzcatlan SA, Fortuna Silver Mexico, S.A. de CV., Fortuna Silver (Barbados) Inc. and Continuum Resources Ltd. 	Fortuna Silver Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	697	September 4, 1990
FNV.WT.A	nul	Franco-Nevada Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
FVL	Freegold Ventures Limited (Freegold), through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious metal properties in the United States and Canada. The Company's material mineral properties are the Golden Summit Property, Alaska, and the Vinasale Project in Alaska. Non-material exploration properties include the Rob and Union Bay properties in Alaska. The Golden Summit property is located in central Alaska, approximately 18 miles northeast of Fairbanks, Alaska. The Property is consisted of 49 Federal patented and 90 Federal unpatented lode claims and approximately 236 State of Alaska mining claims controlled or owned by Freegold. The Vinasale Mountain property is located approximately 192 miles northwest of Anchorage and 16 miles (26 kilometers) south of McGrath. The Vinasale Mountain prospect is located in the western portion of the McGrath Mining District. The Property consists of approximately 89,583.5 acres of fee simple lands owned by Doyon. 	Freegold Ventures Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	July 22, 1985
FNV	Franco-Nevada Corporation (Franco-Nevada) is a gold-focused royalty and stream company. The Company's additional interests are in platinum group metals and other resource assets. The Company's business model provides investors with gold price and exploration optionality. The Company has a diversified portfolio of royalties and streams by commodity, geography, revenue type and stage of project. Its assets include Gold (United States), Gold (Canada), Gold (Australia), Gold (Rest of World), Platinum Group Metals, Other Minerals and Oil and Gas. The Company's projects under each of this location include Goldstrike complex, Gold Quarry, Marigold, Pinson, Sterling, Sandman, Robinson, Sudbury basin, Golden Highway, Musselwhite, Hemlo, Hardrock, Duketon, Henty, Red October, Edna May, Wiluna, Palmarejo, Sabodla, Subika, Edikan, Cerro Moro, Ity, Gurupi, Volcan, Stillwater Complex, Pandora, Peculiar Knob, Mt Keith, King Vol, Flying Fox, Weyburn unit, Midale unit, Edson property and among others. 	Franco-Nevada Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	28	January 1, 2008
FRU	Freehold Royalties Ltd. is engaged in the development and production of oil and natural gas. The Company is focused on acquiring and managing oil and natural gas royalties. Its total land holdings consist of approximately three million gross acres. The Company's mineral title lands and royalty assumption lands cover approximately 693,000 acres. It has gross overriding royalty interests in over two million acres. The Company has interests in approximately 31,000 wells, of which over 30,000 are royalty wells. The Company has drilled and completed a total of approximately 10,920 wells in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. The Company is engaged in drilling activities in the Bakken and Mississippian subcrop plays in southeast Saskatchewan. It is also engaged in drilling of wells targeting Cardium and Glauconite oil and liquids-rich gas targets in west central Alberta. 	Freehold Royalties Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	0	January 1, 2011
GDI	GDI Integrated Facility Services Inc (GDI), formerly Medwell Capital Corp., is a Canada-based commercial janitorial services provider. The Company offers a range of commercial cleaning services to owners and managers of a range of facility types, such as office buildings, hotels, shopping centers, industrial facilities, airports and other transportation facilities, and healthcare establishments in Canada and the United States. GDI's operating segments include Janitorial Canada, Janitorial USA and Complementary Services. The Company is also engaged in providing complementary services, such as mechanical maintenance services, damage restoration services, and janitorial and sanitation supplies to clients in certain regions in Canada. 	GDI Integrated Facility Services Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	3	May 13, 2015
GBU	Gabriel Resources Ltd. (Gabriel) is a Canada-based resource company engaged in the exploration and development of precious metal mineral properties in Romania. Gabriel has two mineral projects located in Romania and is focused on permitting and developing the project at Rosia Montana, which is one of the largest undeveloped gold deposits in Europe. The Company conducts all of its operations in Romania through Rosia Montana Gold Corporation (RMGC). RMGC wholly owns the project. Through its 80.69% equity shareholding in RMGC, Gabriel has a majority ownership interest in the Project. The remaining 19.31% of RMGC is held by Minvest, a state-owned mining enterprise. The Company's second project, the Bucium project, consists of the Rodu and Frasin epthermal gold and silver deposits, and Tarnita porphyry copper-gold deposit (Bucium Project) is considered as an advanced and early stage exploration. 	Gabriel Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	110	July 18, 1986
GH	Gamehost Inc. is engaged in operating hospitality and gaming properties in Alberta. Through the Limited Partnership, the Company owns and operates the Great Northern Casino facility located in Grande Prairie; the Boomtown Casino facility located in Fort McMurray; owns a 91% interest in the joint venture between Gamehost and J.M. Wood Investments Ltd. with respect to the Deerfoot Inn & Casino, and owns and operates a 123 room hotel and approximately 10,530 square-foot multi-tenant lease facility. The gaming area of the Great Northern Casino facility comprises 15 table games, 424 slot machines, 30 video lottery terminals and a 3 table poker room. The gaming area of the Boomtown Casino facility consists of approximately 10 table games, 450 slot machines and a 3 table poker room. The non-gaming area of the facility contains a 35 seat restaurant and a 125 seat lounge featuring a dance floor. The Deerfoot Inn & Casino is a convention, entertainment and casino facility. 	Gamehost Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	40	December 31, 2011
GZT	Gazit-Globe Ltd. is an owner and operator of supermarket-anchored shopping centers. The Company acquires, develops and redevelops supermarket-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers in urban markets. It has around 524 properties with a gross leasable area (GLA), of approximately 68 million square feet. Its properties are located across over 20 countries, including the United States, Canada, Finland, Sweden, Poland, the Czech Republic, Israel, Germany and Brazil. Its properties in the United States include The Gallery at Westbury Plaza, Potrero Center, Willows Shopping Center, Serramonte Shopping Center, and others. Its properties in Brazil include Morumbi Town Center, Prado Shopping Center, Flamingo, and others. Its properties in Canada include Hazelton Lanes, Cedarbrae Mall, Northgate Centre, and others. Its properties in Europe include Kista Galleria, Iso Omena, Palac Flora, and others. Its properties in Israel include G Cinema City, G Tzameret, and others. 	Gazit Globe Ltd			1833	June 11, 1982
GXE	Gear Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration and production company. The Company has heavy oil production in East Central Alberta and West Central Saskatchewan. The Company's properties include Wildmere Lloyd, Wildmere Cummings, Maidstone and Morgan. The Company at its Wildmere Lloyd property has drilled around seven gross (4.8 net) single leg horizontal wells. The Company's Wildmere Cummings property is an oil pool southeast and northwest of its Wildmere Lloyd pool. The Company at its Wildmere Cummings property has drilled around 15 gross (15 net) wells and an additional step-out well that has extended the pool eastward. The Company drilled approximately 17 gross (17 net) wells in its Maidstone area. At its Morgan property, the Company has drilled around seven gross wells (four net). Its exploration activities include drilling of around eight exploratory wells resulting in five expanded pools and/or potential new core areas. 	Gear Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	22	September 21, 2011
GDS	Gendis Inc. (Gendis) leases commercial real estate properties and invests in marketable securities and private placements in the energy and agribusiness sectors. The Company operates through the following segments: the Realty segment and the Corporate segment. The Realty segment is engaged in leasing investment properties. The Company's real estate assets consist of six properties, including its industrial property and headquarters in suburban Winnipeg. The Company's industrial property, the Sony Place Facility, is a 379,000 square foot facility complex in Winnipeg. The Corporate segment is involved in investing in securities, sourcing external capital to meet the Company's capital requirements, and providing capital and management services to the Realty segment. The companies in Gendis' investment portfolio are involved in pipelines and power plants, oil and gas development, canola crop marketing, fertilizer production, and waste management solutions. 	Gendis Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	6	February 1, 2012
GEN	GeneNews Limited (GeneNews) is a Canada-based molecular diagnostics company. GeneNews is focused to become a leader in advanced diagnostics and personalized medicine, serving as a strong commercialization outlet for early detection of cancer and other chronic diseases. Company is also focused to identify and make commercially available a comprehensive menu of diagnostics that provide physicians and patients with personalized clinical intelligence and actionable information to improve health outcomes through the early diagnosis of disease. The Company offers services like: ColonSentry, which is a blood test that can assess a patient's current risk of having colorectal cancer. The test is not considered a replacement for colonoscopy, but rather a more convenient step in determining early warning signs of colon cancer, A 3-Dimensional Approach to Detecting & Treating Cancer; that provide physicians with clinical intelligence through early detection of disease and guiding treatment. 	GeneNews Ltd	Healthcare	Biotechnology	4	February 20, 1997
GMM.U	General Motors Company (General Motors) designs, builds and sells cars, trucks and automobile parts across the world. The Company also provides automotive financing services through General Motors Financial Company, Inc. (GM Financial). The Company's four automotive segments include GM North America (GMNA), GM Europe (GME), GM International Operations (GMIO) and GM South America (GMSA). The Company also sells cars and trucks to fleet customers, including daily rental car companies, commercial fleet customers, leasing companies and governments. The Company offers 13 FlexFuel vehicles in the United States for the 2015 model year plus an additional four models to fleet and commercial customers capable of operating on gasoline, E85 ethanol or any combination of the two. 	General Motors Co			215000	August 11, 2009
GMO	General Moly, Inc. (GMI) is a development-stage company in the business of the exploration, development and mining of properties primarily containing molybdenum. The Companys primary asset is 80% interest in the Mt. Hope Project (Mt. Hope Project), a primary molybdenum property, located in Eureka County, Nevada. The Mt. Hope Project is developed and operated by Eureka Moly, LLC. (LLC), which is a joint venture between the Company and POS-Minerals located in Eureka County, Nevada. As of December 31, 2011, the Mt. Hope Project had contained proven and probable molybdenum reserves totaling 1.3 billion pounds of which 1.1 billion pounds are estimated to be recoverable. In addition, it owns other non-core properties and mineral rights. The Company holds Liberty Property, which is approximately 10 square mile property in Nye County, Nevada, including water rights, mineral and surface rights, buildings and certain equipment. 	General Moly Inc			--	August 22, 2007
GDC	Genesis Land Development Corp. (Genesis) is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, development, and sale of land, residential lots and homes primarily in the greater Calgary area. It owns a portfolio of entitled residential and mixed-use land. It operates through two segments: land development and home building. Land development involves the acquisition of land held for future development, and the planning, servicing and marketing of residential, commercial, industrial and urban communities. Home building includes the acquisition of lots, and the construction and sale of single and multi-family homes. Its residential properties include Airdrie, which consists of the communities of Bayside, Bayview and Canals; Calgary NW, which consists of the community of Sage Meadows, and Calgary NE, which consists of the community of Saddlestone. Its mixed-useproperties consists of Delacour, North Conrich and Sage Hill Crossing. 	Genesis Land Development Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	81	December 2, 1997
GIX	Geologix Explorations Inc. (Geologix) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on acquiring, exploring and developing gold and other precious, and base metal mineral properties. The Company's primary focus is its 100% owned Tepal Copper-Gold Porphyry Project. The Tepal Property is located in the municipality of Tepalcatepec, Michoacan state in south-western Mexico near the town of Tepalcatepec. The Tepal Property consists of five concessions totaling approximately 1,406 hectares. The Company has four 100% owned subsidiaries, by which it owns or has interests in its material resource properties directly and through these wholly owned subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries include Geologix (U.S) Inc, Geologix (Peru) S.A, Geologix Exploration Mexico S.A de C.V and GEM Servicios Mexico S.A de C.V. 	Geologix Explorations Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	7	July 5, 1996
GBG.A	Gibraltar Growth Corp is a Canada-based special purpose acquisition corporation for the purpose of effecting a qualifying acquisition of one or more businesses or assets, by way of a merger, amalgamation, arrangement, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or any other similar business combination involving the Corporation. 	Gibraltar Growth Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 11, 2015
GLG	GLG Life Tech Corporation (GLG) is Canada-based an integrated producer of stevia and the luo han guo extracts. Stevia extracts such as Rebaudioside A (or Reb A),and luo han guo extracts are used as all natural, zero-calorie sweeteners in food and beverages. It conducts stevia, and luo han guo, development, refining, processing and manufacturing operations through its five wholly-owned subsidiaries in China. Stevia operations in China include four processing factories, stevia growing areas across 10 growing areas, and four research and development centers engaged in the development of high-yielding stevia seeds and seedlings. The Company operates through 1 segment, Stevia Products. &#160;Agricultural High Tech Developments Limited, Anhui Bengbu HN Stevia High Tech Development Company Limited, Chuzhou Runhai Stevia High Tech Company Limited, Dongtai Runyang Stevia High Tech Company Limited are few of the companys subsidiaries. 	GLG Life Tech Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	1022	June 5, 1998
MIC	Genworth MI Canada Inc., is a Canada-based company, which through its subsidiary, Genworth Financial Mortgage Insurance Company Canada (Genworth Canada), is a private residential mortgage insurer in Canada. The Company provides mortgage default insurance to Canadian residential mortgage lenders, making homeownership more accessible to first-time homebuyers. Genworth Canada underwrites mortgage insurance for residential properties in all provinces and territories of Canada. It offers both high loan-to-value and low loan-to-value mortgage insurance. Its high loan-to-value mortgage insurance covers default risk on mortgage loans secured by residential properties to protect lenders from losses on claims resulting from default on any type of residential mortgage loan instrument that it has approved. It also provides low loan-to-value mortgage insurance to lenders for loans with loan-to-value ratios of 80% or less. 	Genworth MI Canada Inc	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	265	May 25, 2009
GEO	Geodrill Limited (Geodrill) is a drilling company. The Company is engaged in providing mineral exploration drilling services. The Company operates in two geographical segments: Ghana and outside Ghana. The Company operates a fleet of multipurpose, core and air-core drill rigs. The Company's multipurpose rigs perform both reverse circulation (RC) and diamond core (Core) drilling. It has a fleet of around 39 drill rigs that provides exploration and development drilling services to major, intermediate and junior mining companies with exploration, development and production operations. The Company has operations in around six countries, including Ghana, Burkina Faso, Cote d'Ivoire, Mali, Togo and Niger. The Company's subsidiaries include Geodrill Ghana Limited, Geotool Limited, Geo-Forage Mali SARL, Geo-Forage Senegal SARL and Geodrill Limited in Zambia, among others. 	Geodrill Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	300	May 9, 2007
GBG.WT	nul	Gibraltar Growth Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
GIL	Gildan Activewear Inc. (Gildan) supplies branded basic family apparel, including T-shirts, fleece, sport shirts, underwear, socks, hosiery and shapewear. The Company markets its products under a diversified portfolio of Company-owned brands, including the Gildan, Gold Toe, Anvil brands and brand extensions, Secret, Silks, Therapy Plus and Kushyfoo, as well as under licensing arrangements for the Under Armour, Mossy Oak and New Balance brands. It operates in two segments, Printwear and Branded Apparel. The Company owns and operates manufacturing facilities which are primarily located in Central America and the Caribbean Basin. The Company manufactures and sells apparel products in the United States, Canada, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. 	Gildan Activewear Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	42000	May 8, 1984
GEI	Gibson Energy Inc. (Gibson) is an integrated service provider to the oil and gas industry with operations across regions throughout North America. Gibson is engaged in the movement, storage, blending, processing, marketing and distribution of crude oil, condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs), water, oilfield waste and refined products. The Company operates through six segments: Terminals and Pipelines, Environmental Services, Truck Transportation, Propane and NGL Marketing and Distribution, Processing and Wellsite Fluids, and Marketing. The Company transports energy products by utilizing its integrated network of terminals, pipelines, storage tanks, and trucks located throughout western Canada and through its truck transportation and injection station network in the United States. The Company also provides emulsion treating, water disposal and oilfield waste management services in Canada and the United States. 	Gibson Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	2520	June 15, 2011
HGI.UN	nul	Global Advantaged Telecom and Utilities Income Fund			--	
WN	George Weston Limited (GWL) is a Canada-based holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Loblaw Companies Limited (Loblaw) and Weston Foods, and holds cash, short term investments and a direct investment in Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust (Choice Properties). The Loblaw segment, which is operated by Loblaw Companies Limited and its subsidiaries, includes three segments: Retail, which includes discount supermarket business, a full-service supermarket business, an emerging and wholesale business and Shoppers Drug Mart; Financial Services, which provides retail banking, credit card services, auto, home, travel and pet insurance and wireless mobile products and services, and Choice Properties, owns, develops and manages income-producing commercial properties. The Weston Foods segment includes a fresh bakery business in Canada and operates North American frozen and artisan bakery and biscuit manufacturing businesses. 	George Weston Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	6400	January 1, 1989
GVC	Glacier Media Inc. is an information communications company. The Company is focused on provision of essential information and related services through print and digital media, as well as an array of events and conferences. The Company operates in two segments: community media and trade information group and business and professional information group. The community media and trade information group comprises the Glacier Community Media Group, which include community and daily newspapers, related publications and Websites and digital offerings in British Columbia, Saskatchewan and Manitoba and Alta Newspaper Group Limited Partnership, which publishes daily and community newspapers, related publications and Websites and digital offerings in southern Alberta, Saskatchewan and Quebec, among others. Its business and professional information group include Specialty Technical Publishers, Inceptus and Eco Log ERIS, among others. 	Glacier Media Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	2730	April 28, 2000
WN.PR.A	nul	George Weston Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
WN.PR.C	nul	George Weston Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
WN.PR.D	nul	George Weston Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
WN.PR.E	nul	George Weston Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
GCS.PR.A	nul	Global Champions Split Corp			--	
GDG.UN	Global Dividend Growers Income Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide unitholders with stable monthly cash distributions and to grow distributions over time, and enhance long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund invests approximately 30% and till approximately 70% of its assets in an equally-weighted passively managed diversified portfolio consisting of the equity securities of publicly-listed issuers by market capitalization globally, which have exhibited cumulative dividend growth of over 10% over the five-year period ending on the date prior to the date of re-balancing, as well as an indicated dividend yield of approximately 3%. The Fund invests in a range of sectors, such as financials, consumer staples, healthcare, consumer discretionary, technology, industrials, telecommunication service, real estate and utilities. Middlefield Limited is the manager of the Fund. 	Global Dividend Growers Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 26, 2013
NAF.UN	nul	Global Capital Securities Trust			--	
GDP.UN	nul	Global Dividend Fund			--	
HIG.UN	Global Healthcare Income & Growth Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide unit holders with stable monthly cash distributions; the opportunity for capital appreciation, and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would otherwise be experienced by owning securities of healthcare companies directly. The Fund invests in a range of portfolio securities covering different economic sectors. The Fund may also invest up to a percentage of the portfolio value, as measured at the time of investment, in equity securities of healthcare-related companies, provided that the issuers satisfy the market capitalization. Brompton Funds Limited is the Fund's investment manager. 	Global Healthcare Income & Growth Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 1, 2015
GHC.UN	Global Healthcare Dividend Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unit holders with stable monthly cash distributions, and long-term return through distributions and capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund utilizes an investment strategy, which combines passive and active portfolio management and focuses on investing in dividend-paying securities of global issuers that derive a significant portion of their revenue or earnings from products or services related to healthcare. The issuers may include, but will not be limited to, issuers operating in the following healthcare industry sub-sectors: healthcare facilities and healthcare related real estate investment trusts, healthcare distributors, pharmaceuticals, and healthcare equipment and services. Middlefield Limited serves as the manager for the Fund. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) serves as an advisor for the Fund. 	Global Healthcare Dividend Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 24, 2014
GIF.UN	Global Infrastructure Dividend Fund is a closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of units with stable monthly cash distributions, and long-term total return through distributions and capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio; through an investment strategy, which focuses on a diversified, actively managed portfolio consisted primarily of dividend-paying securities of global issuers that own, develop, operate, support or maintain assets or businesses related to infrastructure, energy transportation or real estate. The Fund invests in the sectors, including industrials, utilities, pipelines, telecommunication service, consumer discretionary, real estate, energy, and oil and gas services. Middlefield Limited is the manager of the Fund. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) is the advisor to the Fund. 	Global Infrastructure Dividend Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 27, 2014
GII.UN	Global Diversified Investment Grade Income Trust II (the Trust) is a closed-end income trust. The Trust provides its unitholders with an equity exposure to a portfolio containing approximately 193 securities. The objective of the Trust is to provide unitholders with a stream of monthly distributions and to redeem all of the outstanding units. In order to meet its investment objectives, the Trust entered into three credit default swaps. The Trust's asset class includes residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, consumer asset-backed securities, structured exposures to mortgage-backed and asset-backed and corporate securities. Global DIGIT II Management Inc. is the trustee (the Trustee) of the Trust and is responsible for the management of the Trust. National Bank of Canada acts as administrative agent and Natcan Trust Company acts as custodian of the assets of the Trust. 	Global Diversified Investment Grade Income Trust II	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	February 28, 2005
GRL	Global Real Estate Dividend Growers Corp (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The Funds investment objectives are to provide holders of equity shares with stable monthly cash distributions and to grow distributions over time, and enhanced long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund. The Fund's investment portfolio focuses primarily on investing in securities of issuers operating in the global real estate sector and related industries, and that have exhibited dividend growth. The Fund focuses on various sectors, such as health facilities, retail, office buildings, industrial and warehousing, multi-family residential, and hospitality and lodging. The manager of the Fund is Middlefield Limited. The investment advisor of the Fund is Middlefield Capital Corporation. 	Global Real Estate Dividend Growers Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 27, 2015
GAF.UN	Global Alpha Worldwide Growth Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end non-redeemable investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to provide unitholders with the opportunity for long-term capital appreciation through an actively managed, diversified portfolio of equity securities of global companies based in developed market economies that have unrecognized and accelerating earnings growth potential. The Fund is intended to provide an opportunity for portfolio diversification for Canadian investors by focusing on attractive growth stocks in developed market economies (United States, Europe, Japan, etc.) and will limit exposure to Canadian securities. It invests in various sectors, including energy, materials, industrials, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, healthcare, financials, information technology, telecommunication services and utilities. The Fund's investment manager is BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. and its portfolio manager is Global Alpha Capital Management Ltd. 	Global Alpha Worldwide Growth Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
GMP.PR.B	nul	GMP Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
GMP	GMP Capital Inc. is a diversified financial services firm. The Company provides a range of financial products and services to a client base that includes corporate clients, institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals in two integrated reporting segments. The Company operates in two segments: Capital Markets and Wealth Management. The Capital Markets segment provides investment banking, including advisory and underwriting services, institutional sales and trading and research through offices located in Toronto, Montreal, Calgary, New York, Houston, Stamford, Miami, Dallas, London, Perth and Sydney. Wealth Management consists of the Company's non-controlling ownership interest in Richardson GMP Limited and CQI Capital Management L.P., an asset management firm. This segment also includes dividend revenue recognized by GMP on its investment in Richardson GMP Class A and Class B preference shares following dividend declarations made by Richardson GMP from time to time. 	GMP Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	407	March 16, 2009
HTO.UN	Global Water Solutions Fund, located in Toronto, Ontario, is a closed-end investment fund. 	Global Water Solutions Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
GS	Gluskin Sheff + Associates Inc. is a wealth management company, which is engaged in providing investment management services for high net worth private clients in Canada and abroad. The Company offers its clients various investment strategies across equity, fixed income and alternative asset classes. The Company provides wealth management services to high net worth investors, including entrepreneurs, professionals, family trusts, private charitable foundations and estates, and also serves number of institutions as clients. In addition to high net worth individuals, it offers asset management services to family offices, foundations, endowments and both public and private pensions around the world. The Company derives its revenue mainly from Base Management Fees, calculated as a percentage of assets under management (AUM), and Performance Fees, calculated annually as a percentage of the change in net asset values. The Company's subsidiary includes BFAM Holdings Inc. 	Gluskin Sheff + Associates Inc	Financials	Investment Services	142	April 17, 1984
GBF	Globalance Dividend Growers Corp (the Fund) is a Canada-based investment fund. The Funds investment objectives are to provide holders of Equity Shares with stable monthly cash distributions and to grow distributions over time, and enhanced long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Funds investment portfolio (the Portfolio) through an investment strategy, which focuses primarily on investing in securities of global issuers that exhibit dividend growth, supplemented by investments in Investment-Grade fixed income securities to seek to reduce overall portfolio volatility. The Fund invests in a portfolio of sectors, such as Investment grade fixed income, financials, real estate, healthcare, consumer and other. It invests in the geographical area, such as United States, Europe and other developed economies. Middlefield Limited is the manager of the Fund. The advisor to the Fund is Middlefield Capital Corporation. 	Globalance Dividend Growers Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
GQM	Golden Queen Mining Co., Ltd.is engaged in the development of the Soledad Mountain Project (the Project), an open pit, heap leach gold and silver project, located in the Mojave Mining district, Kern County, California. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Golden Queen Mining Holdings, Inc. (GQM Holdings), owns 50% of Golden Queen Mining Company, LLC (GQM LLC), which explores and develops the Project. Golden Queen Mining Canada Ltd., a wholly owned British Columbia subsidiary, holds the Company's interest in GQM Holdings. GQM LLC holds directly or controls via agreement a total of 33 patented lode mining claims, 189 unpatented lode mining claims, one patented mill site, 17 unpatented mill sites, one unpatented placer claim and owns upwards of 980 acres (400 hectares) of fee land, which together make up the property. The property is located west of California State Highway 14. 	Golden Queen Mining Co Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	5	November 21, 1985
GMX	Globex Mining Enterprises Inc. (Globex) is a Canada-based exploration, royalty and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of mineral properties in North America. The Company includes a mineral portfolio of early to mid-stage exploration, development and royalty properties which include base metals that include copper, nickel, zinc and lead; precious metals that include gold, silver, platinum and palladium, specialty metals and minerals that include manganese, titanium oxide, iron, molybdenum, uranium, lithium, rare earths and associated elements, and industrial minerals that include mica, silica, talc and magnesite. Globex owns over 125 properties, which include over 60 gold projects, and over 60 base metals, rare earths, industrial minerals and specialty metals projects. The Company produced over 166 million ounces of gold, 636 million ounces of silver, 28 billion pounds of zinc and 14.5 billion pounds of copper. 	Globex Mining Enterprises Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3	August 29, 1995
G	Goldcorp Inc. (Goldcorp) is a gold producer engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of gold properties in Canada, the United States, Mexico and Central and South America. The Company's principal products are gold and the byproduct silver, copper, lead and zinc. Goldcorp's operating assets include four mines in Canada, two mines in Mexico, and four in Central and South America. 	Goldcorp Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	10652	December 1, 2006
GGD	GoGold Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in exploration, development and production of gold, silver and copper primarily in Mexico. The Company's projects include the Parral Tailings Project (Parral) located in the state of Chihuahua, Mexico, which is a producing project, as well as the Santa Gertrudis and San Diego exploration projects. The Company's segments are Mexico and Canada. The Company aggregates San Diego, Santa Gertrudis and the Parral projects as the Mexico segment and the Company's corporate offices as the Canadian segment. Its Parral operation is expected approximately 5,000 tons per day with an expected average annual yield of approximately 1.2 million ounce silver and approximately 11,000 ounce gold. The Santa Gertrudis project is located in Sonora, Mexico and contains several former producing gold mines. The San Diego project is located in Durango, Mexico and contains multiple geological exploration targets. 	GoGold Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	95	January 18, 2008
AUM	Golden Minerals Company (Golden Minerals) is an exploration stage mining company. The Company owns the Velardena and Chicago precious metals mining operations (the Velardena Operations) in Durango, Mexico; and the El Quevar advanced exploration property in Salta, Argentina. In addition, the Company has a portfolio of precious metals and other mineral exploration properties located in or near metals producing regions of Mexico and Argentina. The Companys Velardena Operations consist of two underground mines and two processing plants within the Velardena mining district, which is located in the municipality of Cuencame, in the northeast quadrant of the State of Durango, Mexico. The Companys Zacatecas Mining District is located in the central part of Mexico, in the Faja de Plata mineral belt. The San Diego property, located in Durango, Mexico, lies approximately nine kilometers northeast of the Velardena property. 	Golden Minerals Co			--	March 6, 2009
GSY	goeasy Ltd, formerly known as easyhome Ltd, is a Canada-based company engaged in the provision of goods and financial services to the cash and credit constrained consumers. The Company operates in two divisions: easyhome Leasing and easyfinancial. The easyhome Leasing division offers merchandise leasing with a purchase option to consumers under weekly or monthly agreements. Its leasing range comprises brand name household furniture, appliances and electronics. It operates a network of over 180 corporately owned and franchised stores across Canada. The easyfinancial segment provides consumer financial services, such as unsecured and installment loans. The Company also operates an indirect lending channel that offers loan products to consumers at the point-of-sale of third party merchants. Its financial network includes over 200 locations, as well as an online and mobile E-commerce platform. 	goeasy Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Appliances, Tools & Housewares	1566	December 14, 1990
GGA	Goldgroup Mining Inc. (Goldgroup) is a Canada-based gold production, development and exploration company. The Company has a portfolio of projects in Mexico, including its Cerro Prieto project in the state of Sonora. The Company has an interest in DynaResource de Mexico, SA de C.V., which owns gold exploration project, San Jose de Gracia located in the northeast portion of Sinaloa State, Mexico. The San Jose de Gracia project is an advanced-stage gold project. The Company owns an interest in the Cerro Colorado gold mine, which is located in northern Sonora, Mexico. The Cerro Prieto project is located in the Cucurpe mining district, Sonora, Mexico. The Cerro Prieto project consists of the San Felix, San Francisco, Elba, Huerta de Oro, Reyna de Plata, Cerro Prieto North and Argonauta 6 mineral concessions. The Cerro Prieto Project is locates approximately 52 kilometers from the regional center of Magdalena de Kino. 	Goldgroup Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	123	March 13, 1995
GSB.UN	Goldman Sachs U.S. Income Builder Trust is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation by investing in an actively managed portfolio consisting primarily of the United States fixed income and equity securities. The Fund invests in a portfolio of sectors, such as consumer staples, energy, financial services, industrial, healthcare, information technology, materials, telecommunication services, utilities and consumer discretionary. The Fund's investment portfolio primarily consists of long positions in the United States-dollar-denominated debt securities and loans. The Fund's capital consists of its net assets attributable to holders of redeemable units. Brompton Funds Limited is the manager of the Fund. Goldman Sachs Asset Management L.P. is the portfolio manager of the Fund. 	Goldman Sachs US Income Builder Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
GDL	Goodfellow Inc is a Canada-based company engaged in the remanufacturing and distributing of lumber and hardwood flooring products. The Company is engaged in the wholesale distribution of wood products, and remanufacturing, distribution and brokerage of lumber. The Company's products include decking, flooring, lumber, insulation and sound proofing, panels and siding. The Company offers services, such as pressure treatment, prefinishing and prestaining, salt water treatment, custom timber fabrication, engineering services, container and van loading, and export prep and packaging. The Company operates 12 distribution centers and eight processing plants in Canada, and one distribution center in the United States. 	Goodfellow Inc	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	893	November 30, 1978
GGT.UN	Goodman Gold Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based closed-ended investment trust. The investment objective of the Trust is to provide unitholders with inflation protection, capital preservation and long-term capital appreciation through investment in a portfolio consisting of precious metals and the securities of precious metal issuers, mineral issuers and mineral related issuers. The Trust's Portfolio is diversified among precious metals, and securities of precious metals, minerals and mineral related issuers, as well as amongst junior, intermediate and senior issuers engaged in varying stages of exploration, development and production; different countries; securities of public and private issuers, including flow-through shares and illiquid securities; and merchant banking opportunities. Goodman & Company, Investment Counsel Ltd. acts as the investment fund manager of the Fund. 	Goodman Gold Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	January 25, 2008
GSC	Golden Star Resources Ltd. (Golden Star) is a gold mining company. The Company holds 90% interest in the Wassa, Prestea and Bogoso gold mines in Ghana. The Company is engaged in the brownfield development projects at its Wassa and Prestea mines. The Wassa mine is located approximately 35 kilometers east of the town of Bogoso, Ghana. Wassa has a non-refractory processing plant (Wassa processing plant) consisting of a carbon-in-leach (CIL) system. Bogoso operates a gold ore processing facility, which uses bio-oxidation technology to treat refractory ore (Bogoso refractory plant). Bogoso also has a CIL processing facility located adjacent to the Bogoso refractory plant, which is used for treating non-refractory gold ores (Bogoso non-refractory plant). Through Bogoso, the Company owns the Prestea Underground Mine, which is located on the Prestea property. 	Golden Star Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1726	May 15, 1992
GCM.DB.U	nul	Gran Colombia Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
GCM	Gran Colombia Gold Corp (Gran Colombia) is a Canada-based gold and silver exploration, development and production company with its primary focus in Colombia. The Company is a gold and silver producer in Colombia with underground mines at its Segovia and Marmato Operations. The Company is in the middle of an expansion and modernization project at its Segovia Operations. 	Gran Colombia Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	321	May 27, 1992
GTX	nul	Gran Tierra Exchangeco Inc			--	
GCM.WT.A	nul	Gran Colombia Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
GCM.DB.V	nul	Gran Colombia Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
GXO	Granite Oil Corp, formerly DeeThree Exploration Ltd, is a Canada-based oil company. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of the Alberta Bakken enhanced oil recovery (EOR) project located in the Ferguson area of southern Alberta. The Company's Upper Bakken area overlies both of the Alberta Bakkens shale intervals. 	Granite Oil Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	41	May 15, 2015
GRT.UN	Granite Real Estate Investment Trust (Granite REIT) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is engaged in the ownership and management of industrial, warehouse and logistics properties in North America and Europe. Granite owns approximately 30.0 million square feet in over 100 rental income properties. The Companys tenant base includes Magna International Inc. and its operating subsidiaries. Granites investment properties consist of income-producing properties, properties and land under development and land held for development. The Companys income-producing properties consist of light industrial properties, heavy industrial manufacturing facilities, corporate offices, warehouse and logistics properties, product development and engineering centers and test facilities in eight countries: Canada, the United States, Austria, Germany, The Netherlands, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom and Spain. 	Granite Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	33	January 3, 2013
GTE	Gran Tierra Energy Inc. is an energy Company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in oil and gas acquisition, exploration, development and production. The Company owns the rights to oil and gas properties in Colombia, Peru and Brazil. In Colombia, the Company focuses on developing its producing light oil fields, including Costayaco and Moqueta, and on the generation of exploration prospects. In Peru, the Company is engaged in engineering, procurement and construction work in preparation for a long-term production test. It commenced drilling the Bretana Sur 95-3-4-1X well and drilled the Bretana Sur 95-2-1XD water disposal well. In Brazil, on Block REC-T-155, the Company completed the dual completions of the 3-GTE-03-BA and 4-GTE-04-BA development wells in the Tie field and completed single-stage fracture stimulation on the 1-GTE-8DP-BA exploration well. 	Gran Tierra Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	301	June 6, 2003
GCT	GVIC Communications Corp. is a Canada-based information communications company. The Company is focused on the provision of information and related services. Its segments include the community media, trade information and business, and professional information sectors. Its operations in the community media and trade information group include FarmMedia, which includes Western Producer Publications, Farm Business Communications and Canada's Outdoor Farm Show, the JuneWarren-Nickle's Energy Group, Evaluate Energy, the Business in Vancouver Media Group and the GVIC community media group, which includes interests in community and local daily newspapers and related publications, Websites and digital products in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and the United States. Its operations in the business and professional information group include Specialty Technical Publishers, Inceptus Media, ERIS, and interests in Fundata, Weather INnovations and InfoMine. 	GVIC Communications Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	2193	May 4, 2006
GWO.PR.F	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWR	GWR Global Water Resources Corp. is engaged in acquiring shares and participating in the management, business and operations of Global Water Resources, Inc. (GWRI). GWRI operates in the Western United States as a water resource management company that owns and operates regulated water, wastewater and recycled water utilities in strategically located communities in metropolitan Phoenix, Arizona. GWRI deploys its integrated approach, Total Water Management (TWM), a term which it uses to mean managing the entire water cycle, both to conserve water and to maximize its total economic and social value. GWRI uses TWM to promote sustainable communities in areas where GWRI expects growth to outpace the existing potable water supply. GWRI owns an approximate 8.0% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in FATHOM Water Management Holdings, LLP and a 100% interest in Global Water, LLC. Global Water, LLC is the parent company of several regulated utilities. 	GWR Global Water Resources Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Water & Others	0	March 23, 2010
GC	Great Canadian Gaming Corporation is a company, which operates gaming, entertainment and hospitality facilities. The Company has approximately 17 gaming properties, consisting of three community gaming centers, four racetracks and 10 casinos, including one with a Four Diamond resort hotel. In British Columbia, it operates four casinos; one thoroughbred racetrack; a standardbred racetrack; three community gaming centers; a resort with two hotels, a conference center and a marina; two multi-purpose show theatres, and a range of restaurants. In Ontario, it owns two racetracks. It operates two casinos in the Province of Nova Scotia. It operates four card rooms in Washington State, which are located in Tukwila, Lakewood, Kent and Everett. Its facilities include River Rock Casino Resort, Hard Rock Casino Vancouver, View Royal Casino, Casino Nanaimo, Chances Chilliwack, Casino Nova Scotia Halifax, Casino Nova Scotia Sydney and Flamboro Downs and Georgian Downs. 	Great Canadian Gaming Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Casinos & Gaming	4900	June 13, 1990
GWO	Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) is a Canada-based financial services holding company. The Company has interests in the life insurance, health insurance, asset management, investment and retirement savings, and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco has operations in Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia through The Great-West Life Assurance Company (Great-West), London Life Insurance Company (London Life), The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company (Great-West Financial), Putnam Investments, LLC (Putnam), Canada Life Limited and Irish Life Group Limited (Irish Life). Lifeco, through its operating subsidiaries, provides products and services under various brands, including the Great-West Life and Canada Life brands, the Freedom 55 Financial brand, the Irish Life brand, the Great-West Financial brand, the Empower Retirement brand, and the Putnam Investments and PanAgora brands. 	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	17350	November 8, 1979
GWO.PR.G	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GCT.C	GVIC Communications Corp. is a Canada-based information communications company. The Company is focused on the provision of information and related services. Its segments include the community media, trade information and business, and professional information sectors. Its operations in the community media and trade information group include FarmMedia, which includes Western Producer Publications, Farm Business Communications and Canada's Outdoor Farm Show, the JuneWarren-Nickle's Energy Group, Evaluate Energy, the Business in Vancouver Media Group and the GVIC community media group, which includes interests in community and local daily newspapers and related publications, Websites and digital products in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and the United States. Its operations in the business and professional information group include Specialty Technical Publishers, Inceptus Media, ERIS, and interests in Fundata, Weather INnovations and InfoMine. 	GVIC Communications Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	2193	May 4, 2006
GWO.PR.H	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.M	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.N	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.O	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.I	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.L	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.P	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.R	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.S	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GWO.PR.Q	nul	Great-West Lifeco Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
GPR	Great Panther Silver Limited is a primary silver mining and exploration company. Great Panther's activities are focused on the mining of precious metals from its two wholly-owned mining operations in Mexico: the Guanajuato Mine Complex, which includes the San Ignacio Mine, and the Topia Mine in Durango. The Company holds a two-year option agreement to acquire a 100% interest in the Coricancha Mine Complex in the central Andes of Peru and holds an option to acquire a 100% interest in the advanced stage Guadalupe de los Reyes Project in Sinaloa, Mexico. 	Great Panther Silver Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	350	1965
GCG.A	Guardian Capital Group Limited (Guardian) is a Canada-based diversified financial services company. The Company serves the wealth management needs of a range of clients through its business segments. It operates in three segments: the investment management segment, which involves the earning of management fees relating to investment management services provided to clients; the financial advisory segment, which relates to the earning of sales commissions and administrative services revenue from assets under administration, and the corporate activities and investments segment, which relates to the investment of the Company's securities holdings, as well as corporate management and development activities. Its subsidiaries include Guardian Capital LP (GCLP), Guardian Capital Advisors LP (GCA) and Guardian Capital Enterprises Limited, among others. Institutional investment management services are provided by its GCLP. GCA provides portfolio management services to private wealth clients. 	Guardian Capital Group Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	120	January 18, 1962
GCG	Guardian Capital Group Limited (Guardian) is a Canada-based diversified financial services company. The Company serves the wealth management needs of a range of clients through its business segments. It operates in three segments: the investment management segment, which involves the earning of management fees relating to investment management services provided to clients; the financial advisory segment, which relates to the earning of sales commissions and administrative services revenue from assets under administration, and the corporate activities and investments segment, which relates to the investment of the Company's securities holdings, as well as corporate management and development activities. Its subsidiaries include Guardian Capital LP (GCLP), Guardian Capital Advisors LP (GCA) and Guardian Capital Enterprises Limited, among others. Institutional investment management services are provided by its GCLP. GCA provides portfolio management services to private wealth clients. 	Guardian Capital Group Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	120	January 18, 1962
GXI	Guestlogix Inc. is a Canada-based company is engaged in the provision of transaction-based onboard retail software solutions for the passenger travel industry. The Company offers onboard store technology and merchandising solutions, which enable airlines, rail operators and other travel operators to manage onboard retail environments and process ancillary revenue transactions in a secure and compliant manner. The Company offers provides the payment services direct to operators as well as through partnerships with global leaders in catering, duty-free, inflight entertainment and self-service retail experts. It offers a variety of traditional and mobile Point of Sale (POS devices) for use in onboard and off board retail environments across the globe. The Company provides GuestPass service, an end-to-end ticketing solution that enables travel operators to facilitate ticketing services across multiple access points, providing greater revenue protection. 	GuestLogix Inc	Technology	Software	78	August 1, 2007
GXI.DB	nul	GuestLogix Inc	Technology	Software	--	
GUY	Guyana Goldfields Inc. (Guyana Goldfields) is a Canada-based mineral development and exploration company primarily focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of gold deposits in Guyana, South America. The Company has one advanced development-stage project, the Aurora project, which is located in Guyana. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Aurora Project, which has total proven and probable reserves of approximately 3.48 million ounces of gold. It also holds a contiguous 216,888 acre land package located in the Aranka district of Guyana approximately thirty kilometers northeast of the Aurora Project, known as the Aranka Properties, which consist of a number of separate properties, including Sulphur Rose. Its Other Properties represent exploration expenditures at exploration targets near the vicinity of the Aurora Project. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include Aranka Gold Inc., AGM Inc., Guy Gold Inc., Aranka Gold Inc. (Guyana) and Aurora USA Ltd, among others. 	Guyana Goldfields Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	593	March 2, 2005
HR.DB.E	nul	H&R Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
HR.DB.H	nul	H&R Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
HR.DB.D	nul	H&R Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
HMM.A	Hammond Manufacturing Company Limited is a Canada-based manufacturer of electronic and electrical enclosures, outlet strips and electronic transformers that are used by manufacturers of electronic and electrical products. The Company's facilities are situated in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Taiwan and Australia. The Company also maintains a 40% ownership share of RITEC Enclosures Inc. (RITEC) located in Taiwan. RITEC produces a line of small cases for sale through the Company's sales channels and also manages sourcing of die cast and plastic enclosures. The Company operates through its electrical and electronic components segment. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Hammond Manufacturing (Quebec) Inc., Hammond Manufacturing Company Inc., Hammond Electronics Limited and Hammond Electronics Pty. Ltd. 	Hammond Manufacturing Co Ltd	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	579	January 1, 1999
HR.UN	H&R Real Estate Investment Trust (the REIT) is a Canada-based open-ended investment trust. The objectives of the REIT are to provide holders of REIT Units with stable and growing cash distributions, generated by revenue it derives from investments in income-producing real estate properties, and maximize REIT Unit value through the ongoing active management of the REIT's assets, acquisition of additional properties and the development and construction of projects which are pre-leased to creditworthy tenants. Its portfolio consists of office, industrial and retail properties throughout Canada and the United States. The REIT owns and operates a portfolio of 501 Properties (including properties held through the REIT's 33.6% interest in ECHO), of which 45 are office properties, 114 are industrial properties, 340 are retail properties and 2 are residential properties. The total leasable area of the properties is approximately 50.0 million square feet. 	H&R Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	4	November 4, 1996
HPS.A	Hammond Power Solutions Inc. (HPS) is a Canada-based manufacturer of dry-type transformers in North America. The Company is engaged in the design and manufacture of custom electrical engineered magnetics, as well as manufacturer of standard electrical dry-type, cast resin and liquid filled transformers. It supports solid industries, such as oil and gas, mining, steel, waste and water treatment, and wind power generation. Its catalogs offer thousands of transformers ranging from 50 volt ampere (VA) to five megavolt amperes (MVA). HPS Standard Products are available across four categories, which include control and automation; low voltage distribution; medium voltage distribution and potted and specialty. HPS also offers original equipment manufacturers (OEM) a set of products and services. The Company has manufacturing plants in Canada, the United States, Mexico, Italy and India. 	Hammond Power Solutions Inc	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	1396	2000
HWD	Hardwoods Distribution Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the wholesale distribution of hardwood lumber and related sheet good and specialty wood products. The Company also creates custom molding and millwork packages for customers, and produces and exports lumber products. The Company's subsidiaries main business activity includes sourcing and distribution of hardwood lumber and related sheet goods and specialty products. The Company's products are sold to manufacturing customers in the new residential construction sector, commercial/institutional construction sector, renovation/remodeling and other markets. The Company provides custom milling services to its customers from five of its locations in Chicago, Cincinnati, Denver, Kansas City and San Antonio. 	Hardwoods Distribution Inc	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	469	January 1, 2012
HGN	Halogen Software Inc. (Halogen) is a Canada-based company, which provides software-as-a-service (SaaS) cloud-based talent management solutions. Its customers use Halogen's suite of integrated Talent Management (TM) solutions to retain talent, align goals, assess and develop employees, cultivate leaders, provide feedback and recognition, employee engagement, communication and manager-employee relationships, support a pay-for-performance culture and build talent bench strength through planning. The Company's Halogen TalentSpace suite consists of nine integrated talent management modules. It also provides industry configurations of its solutions for healthcare, professional services, financial services, manufacturing, education, public sector, technology and hospitality. Halogen's Certain to Succeed services are designed to help build workforce by implementing talent management software, providing stellar support to human resources (HR) team. 	Halogen Software Inc	Technology	Software	450	January 9, 1996
HBG	nul	Hamilton Capital Global Bank ETF			--	
HRT	Harte Gold Corp. is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties with a focus on gold properties located in the Province of Ontario, Canada. The Company has interests in two gold exploration projects: the 100%-owned Sugar Zone Property, located 60 kilometers (km) east of the Hemlo area gold mines and northeast of the town of White River, and the Stoughton-Abitibi Property, located 110 km east of Timmins and held 100% for the majority of the claims and 90% for the remaining claims. The Company's exploration and mine development activities are focused on the Sugar Zone Property, which is approximately 29,300 hectares in size, comprising both mining claims and leases. The Sugar Zone Property covers an entire greenstone belt, which includes the Sugar Zone Deposit within a surrounding buffer zone of claims. 	Harte Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	10	January 22, 1982
HE	Hanwei Energy Services Corp. (Hanwei) is a Canada-based company engaged in the manufacturing and selling of fiberglass reinforced plastic (FRP) pipes for the oil and gas, water transmission and salt mining industries. The Company also owns oil and gas production assets located near Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It operates in segments: FRP pipe business and oil and gas business. The Company's FRP pipe products have various specifications with diameters ranging from 1.5 inches to 24 inches and pressure ratings up to 3,600 pounds per square inch (PSI) with operating temperatures up to 93 degrees Celsius. It supplies FRP pipe, fittings and services to markets, including China, Middle Asia, and the Middle East. Its operating subsidiary in the FRP pipe business is Harvest. It has one core area in the oil and gas business, which includes Leduc Lands consisting of approximately 5,000 acres of oil and gas interests, located about 40 kilometers south west of Edmonton, Alberta. 	Hanwei Energy Services Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	212	October 26, 2005
HHL.UN	Healthcare Leaders Income Fund is an investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with the opportunity for capital appreciation, monthly cash distributions and lower overall volatility of Portfolio returns than would otherwise be experienced by owning Equity Securities of the Healthcare Leaders directly. The Fund invests in an equally weighted portfolio of equity securities of approximately 20 healthcare issuers from the Healthcare Leaders Investable Universe that have a minimum market capitalization of approximately $5 billion at the time of investment and have options in respect of their equity securities listed on a recognized options exchange. The portfolio is rebalanced semi-annually back to equal weights. Highstreet Asset Management Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Healthcare Leaders Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 19, 2014
MDS.UN	Healthcare Special Opportunities Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Funds investment objective is to provide holders of units (unitholders) with long-term total return through distributions and capital appreciation of the Funds investment portfolio by investing in equity and debt securities of issuers that derive a portion of their revenue or earnings from medical and healthcare products and/or services. The Fund invests in a portfolio of healthcare industry sub-sectors, such as healthcare services, financials and insurance; healthcare products and technology; healthcare facilities and real estate investment trusts (REITs), and retirement lifestyle, wellness and entertainment. LDIC Inc. (LDIC), which provides investment advisory services, is the manager and investment advisor of the Fund. 	Healthcare Special Opportunities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 26, 2015
HNZ.A	HNZ Group Inc. is an international provider of helicopter transportation and related support services with operations in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Antarctica and Southeast Asia. The Company operates in excess of 120 helicopters in support of a range of multinational companies and government agencies, including onshore and offshore oil and gas, mineral exploration, military support, hydro and utilities, forest management, construction, air ambulance and search and rescue. The Company operates in three segments: helicopter transportation services, helicopter repair and maintenance services, and other services, which include flight training, ground handling and other. Charter operations are provided through two brands: HNZ Global in the Asia Pacific and Antarctica regions (Southern Hemisphere) and Canadian Helicopters in Canada. Its subsidiaries include Canadian Helicopters Limited, HNZ New Zealand Limited, HNZ Australia Pty Limited and HNZ Singapore Private Limited. 	HNZ Group Inc.	Industrials	Airlines	180	May 7, 2010
HNZ.B	HNZ Group Inc. is an international provider of helicopter transportation and related support services with operations in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Antarctica and Southeast Asia. The Company operates in excess of 120 helicopters in support of a range of multinational companies and government agencies, including onshore and offshore oil and gas, mineral exploration, military support, hydro and utilities, forest management, construction, air ambulance and search and rescue. The Company operates in three segments: helicopter transportation services, helicopter repair and maintenance services, and other services, which include flight training, ground handling and other. Charter operations are provided through two brands: HNZ Global in the Asia Pacific and Antarctica regions (Southern Hemisphere) and Canadian Helicopters in Canada. Its subsidiaries include Canadian Helicopters Limited, HNZ New Zealand Limited, HNZ Australia Pty Limited and HNZ Singapore Private Limited. 	HNZ Group Inc.	Industrials	Airlines	180	May 7, 2010
HBP	Helix BioPharma Corporation is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company focused on cancer therapy. It is developing products for the treatment and prevention of cancer based on its technologies. The Companys product development initiatives have focused on its L-DOS47 and Topical Interferon Alpha-2b new drug candidates. It operates through the biopharmaceuticals segment. The Companys most advanced product clinically is its Topical Interferon Alpha-2b as a treatment for certain skin/mucosal lesions caused by HPV infections. Its DOS47 is a patented oncology platform technology that offers a new and potentially revolutionary approach to the debilitation and destruction of cancer cells. Its L-DOS47 is a new drug in development that offers an approach to the debilitation and destruction of non-small cell lung cancer cells. 	Helix Biopharma Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	13	April 30, 2008
HWO	High Arctic Energy Services Inc. is a provider of services to the oil and gas industry. The Company provides drilling and specialized well completion services, equipment rentals and other services to the oil and gas industry. High Arctic operates in Papua New Guinea (PNG) and Canada. In PNG, the Company provides drilling and specialized well completion services and supplies rig matting, camps and drilling support equipment on a rental basis. The Canadian operation provides snubbing services, nitrogen supplies and equipment on a rental basis to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies operating in Western Canada. The Company owns two heli-portable drilling rigs and associated ancillary equipment. 	High Arctic Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	468	April 27, 2004
HHY.UN	High Rock Canadian High Yield Bond Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund provides holders (the Unitholders) of Class A Units (the Units) with investment exposure to an actively managed and diversified portfolio (the Portfolio) of Canadian high yield fixed income securities (Canadian HY Corporate Bonds). The Fund's investment objectives are to preserve and enhance the net asset value (the Net Asset Value or NAV) of the Fund, and provide Unitholders with stable distributions from the Portfolio, through investment primarily in Canadian HY Corporate Bonds. The Fund invests in various industry sectors, such as Government, basic materials, financials, energy, consumer discretionary, industrials, real estate, consumer staple, transportation, and cable and telecom. The Portfolio is managed by High Rock Capital Management Inc. 	High Rock Canadian High Yield Bond Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
HER	Heron Resources Limited is an Australia-based company engaged in the exploration and development of base and precious metal deposits in Australia. The Company is principally involved in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties. The Company's mineral properties are at the exploration and pre-development stage. The Company's major mineral properties are the KNP project in Western Australia and the Woodlawn and Lewis Ponds Properties in New South Wales (the Properties). The Company is focused on the development of the high grade Woodlawn Project, which is located around 250 kilometers southwest of Sydney in New South Wales. The Company also owns the Kalgoorlie Nickel Project located north of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia, and holds a number of other quality base metal and copper-gold exploration properties located in the Lachlan Fold Belt of New South Wales. The Company had no revenues from operations. 	Heron Resources Ltd			--	February 17, 1995
HRX	Heroux-Devtek Inc. (Heroux-Devtek) is a Canada-based company which manufactures aerospace products. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, repairs and overhauls landing gear systems and components used in the aerospace market. It supplies the commercial and military sectors of the aerospace market with landing gear systems and components, as well as aftermarket products and services, including spare parts and repair and overhaul services. It operates facilities in the Greater Montreal area (Longueuil, Laval and St-Hubert); Kitchener and Toronto, Ontario; Springfield and Cleveland, Ohio; Wichita, Kansas, and Bolton, Runcorn and Nottingham in the United Kingdom. Its facilities fabricates landing gear systems and components, excluding the Toronto facility (Magtron), which manufactures electronic enclosures, heat exchangers and cabinets for airborne radar, electro-optic systems and aircraft controls, and the Bolton facility, which manufactures fluid filters for aircraft engines. 	Heroux-Devtek Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	1397	March 13, 1995
HLC.DB.A	nul	Holloway Lodging Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
HLC	Holloway Lodging Corporation, formerly Holloway Lodging Real Estate Investment Trust, is an open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company owns and operates hotels across Canada and the United States and holds the master franchise rights for the Thriftlodge hotel brand in Canada. The Company is focused on acquiring, owning and operating select and limited service lodging properties and a small complement of service hotels, primarily in secondary, tertiary and suburban markets in Canada. The Company owns approximately 36 hotels with 4,250 rooms. Each of the hotel Properties in Canada is owned by a separate holding company as nominee and bare trustee for Holloway Lodging LP, the operating entity that is the beneficial owner of the hotel properties. The Company also owns three freestanding single tenant properties leased to nationally recognized restaurant chains and eight land parcels that are being held for development. 	Holloway Lodging Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	1250	
HLC.DB	nul	Holloway Lodging Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
HLF	High Liner Foods Incorporated is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the processing and marketing of value-added frozen seafood. The Company owns brands, and is also a supplier of private label frozen seafood products for North American food retailers, including club stores and foodservice distributors. It operates in two business units: the United States and Canada. The United States subsidiary produces and sells value-added frozen seafood products under the Fisher Boy, High Liner, Sea Cuisine and C. Wirthy & Co. brands. The business distributes products throughout the United States and in Mexico through grocery stores and club stores, among others. Its Canadian business includes its brand High Liner, which is sold to Canadian grocery retailer and club store. The brand includes 100 individual products, from battered and breaded fish portions to products that offer a variety of seafood species. Its Foodservice products are sold under the High Liner, FPI and Mirabel brands. 	High Liner Foods Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	578	March 1, 1967
HNL	Horizon North Logistics Inc. is a Canada-based remote resource development service company. The Company provides workforce accommodation solutions, camp management and catering services, and road and access matting solutions. The Company operates in two segments: Camps & Catering and Matting. The Camps & Catering segment provides workforce accommodation, camp management and catering services to customers working on projects in remote regions of Canada's western provinces and northern territories. The Matting segment provides matting solution, consisting of manufacturing, sales and rental, transportation, repair and maintenance, storage and mat management. It caters to oil and gas exploration and production companies, including oil sands producers in western Canada. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary includes Horizon North Camp & Catering Inc. 	Horizon North Logistics Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	1402	February 9, 2006
HCG	Home Capital Group Inc. is a Canada-based holding company that operates primarily through its principal, federally regulated subsidiary, Home Trust Company (Home Trust). The Company's subsidiary offers residential and non-residential mortgage lending, securitization of insured residential first mortgages, consumer lending and credit card services. In addition, Home Trust offers deposits via brokers and financial planners, and through its direct-to-consumer deposit brand, Oaken Financial. Home Trust focuses on providing residential first mortgages to borrowers who are underserved by major banks, as well as borrowers who meet the criteria for insured mortgage products. Home Trust operates through six branches located in Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, Halifax, Montreal and Winnipeg. The Company's subsidiary, Payment Services Interactive Gateway Inc. (PSiGate), provides payment card services. 	Home Capital Group Inc	Financials	Banks	877	December 12, 1979
HMP	nul	Horizons Active CDN Municipal Bond ETF			--	
HMP.A	nul	Horizons Active CDN Municipal Bond ETF			--	
HSL	nul	Horizons Active Floating Rate Senior Loan ETF			--	
HSL.A	nul	Horizons Active Floating Rate Senior Loan ETF			--	
HFP.A	nul	Horizons Active Floating Rate Preferred Share ETF			--	
HFP	nul	Horizons Active Floating Rate Preferred Share ETF			--	
HAF.A	nul	Horizons Active Global Fixed Income ETF			--	
HAD	nul	Horizons Active Cdn Bond ETF			--	
HAJ	nul	Horizons Active Emerging Markets Dividend ETF			--	
HAD.A	nul	Horizons Active Cdn Bond ETF			--	
HAF	nul	Horizons Active Global Fixed Income ETF			--	
HAB.A	nul	Horizons Active Corporate Bond ETF			--	
HAJ.A	nul	Horizons Active Emerging Markets Dividend ETF			--	
HAB	nul	Horizons Active Corporate Bond ETF			--	
HAZ	nul	Horizons Alphapro Global Dividend Etf			--	
HFR	nul	Horizons AlphaPro Floating Rate Bond ETF			--	
HFR.A	nul	Horizons AlphaPro Floating Rate Bond ETF			--	
HAL.A	nul	Horizons Alphapro Dividend Etf			--	
HAZ.A	nul	Horizons Alphapro Global Dividend Etf			--	
HAL	nul	Horizons Alphapro Dividend Etf			--	
HZU	nul	Horizons BetaPro COMEX Silver Bull Plus ETF			--	
HZD	nul	Horizons Betapro Comex Silver Bear Plus Etf			--	
HYI	nul	Horizons Active High Yield Bond ETF			--	
HBU	Horizons BetaPro COMEX Gold Bullion Bull Plus ETF (The ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavour to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the COMEX Gold Bullion Index. ProFund Advisors LLC has been appointed portfolio manager of the ETF. The Horizons BetaPro Funds are managed by BetaPro Management Inc. 	Horizons Betapro Comex	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HYI.A	nul	Horizons Active High Yield Bond ETF			--	
HPR.A	nul	Horizons Alphapro Preferred Share ETF			--	
HPR	nul	Horizons Alphapro Preferred Share ETF			--	
HAU.U	nul	Horizons Active US Dividend Units ETF Cl Advisor			--	
HBD	Horizons BetaPro COMEX Gold Bullion Bear Plus ETF (the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavour to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the COMEX Gold Bullion Index. ProFund Advisors LLC acts as the portfolio manager of the ETF. The Horizons BetaPro Funds are managed by BetaPro Management Inc. 	Horizons BetaPro COMEX Gold Bullion Bear Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HMF	nul	Horizons Auspice Managed Futures Index ETF			--	
HAU.A	nul	Horizons Active US Dividend Units ETF Cl Advisor			--	
HMF.A	nul	Horizons Auspice Managed Futures Index ETF			--	
HQD	nul	Horizons Betapro Nasdaq 100 Bear Plus Etf			--	
HAU	nul	Horizons Active US Dividend Units ETF Cl Advisor			--	
HUF.U	nul	Horizons Active US Floating Rate Bond (USD) ETF			--	
HUF	nul	Horizons Active US Floating Rate Bond (USD) ETF			--	
HUF.V	nul	Horizons Active US Floating Rate Bond (USD) ETF			--	
HOU	Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Crude Oil Bull+ ETF (HBP Crude Oil Bull+ ETF) seek daily investment results equal to 200% the daily performance of the NYMEX light sweet crude oil futures contract for the next delivery month. The HBP NYMEX Crude Oil Bull is denominated in Canadian dollars, as the United States dollar exposure of the underlying index is hedged daily. The Fund is managed by BetaPro Management Inc. ProFund Advisors LLC is the portfolio manager of the Fund. ProFund Advisors LLC serves as the investment adviser and provides management services to Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Crude Oil Bull+ ETF. 	Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Crude Oil Bull Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HOD	Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Crude Oil Bear Plus ETF (the Fund) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that correspond to two times (200%) the inverse (opposite) of the daily performance of the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) light sweet crude oil futures contract for the next delivery month. The Fund is managed by BetaPro Management Inc. ProFund Advisors LLC is the portfolio manager of the Fund. ProFund Advisors LLC serves as the investment adviser and provides management services to Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Crude Oil Bear Plus ETF. 	Horizons Betapro Crude Oil Bear	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HND	Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Natural Gas Bear Plus ETF (the Fund) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that correspond to two times (200%) the inverse (opposite) of the daily performance of the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) natural gas futures contract for the next delivery month. The Fund is managed by BetaPro Management Inc. ProFund Advisors LLC is the portfolio manager of the Fund. ProFund Advisors LLC serves as the investment adviser and provides management services to Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Gas Bear Plus ETF. 	Horizons Betapro Nymex Natural Gas*	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HNU	Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Natural Gas Bull Plus ETF (the Fund) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) natural gas futures contract for the next delivery month. The Fund is managed by BetaPro Management Inc. 	Horizons BetaPro NYMEX Natural Gas Bull Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HUV	nul	Horizons BetaPro S&P 500 VIX Short Term Futures ETF			--	
HSU	nul	Horizons Betapro S & P 500 Bull Plus Etf			--	
HVU	Horizons BetaPro S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Bull Plus ETF (the HBP Double VIX ETF) invests in financial instruments that have similar daily return characteristics to two times (200%) the S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Index. The HBP Double VIX ETF is designed to provide daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs that endeavor to correspond to twice the daily performance of the S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Index. Its investment manager is BetaPro Management Inc. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P 500 VIX ST Future Bull Pl ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
HIU	nul	Horizons BetaPro S&P 500 Inverse ETF			--	
HQU	nul	Horizons Betapro Nasdaq 100 Bull Plus Etf			--	
HSD	nul	Horizons Betapro S & P 500 Bear Plus Etf			--	
HXU	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX 60 Bull Plus ETF (HBP S&P/TSX 60 Bull + ETF or the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavour to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX 60 Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX 60 Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as the Sub-Advisor to the ETF. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX 60 Bull Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HED	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Capped Energy Bear Plus ETF (the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager, and ProShare Advisors LLC acts as its Sub-Advisor. 	Horizons Betapro S&P/Tsx Capped Energy Bear Plus Etf	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HFD	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Capped Financials Bear Plus ETF (the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as its Sub-Advisor. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P TSX Capped Financials Bear Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HEU	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Capped Energy Bull Plus ETF (the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as its Sub-Advisor. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Capped Energy Bull Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HXD	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX 60 Bear Plus ETF (HBP S&P/TSX 60 Bear + ETF or the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX 60 Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX 60 Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as the Sub-Advisor to the ETF. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX 60 Bear Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HGU	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Global Gold Bull Plus ETF (the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX Global Gold Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX Global Gold Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as the Sub-Advisor to the ETF. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Global Gold Bull Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HGD	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Global Gold Bear Plus ETF (the ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX Global Gold Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX Global Gold Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as the Sub-Advisor to the ETF. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Global Gold Bear Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HFU	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX Capped Financials Bull Plus ETF (ETF) seeks daily investment results, before fees, expenses, distributions, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs, that endeavor to correspond to two times (200%) the daily performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index. In order to achieve its objective, the total underlying notional value of these instruments and/or securities will typically not exceed two times the total assets of the ETF. Assets not invested in financial instruments or equity securities may be invested in debt instruments or money market instruments with a term not to exceed 365 days, or reverse repurchase agreements with a term not to exceed 30 days. The ETF will typically use the price of the S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index as the reference for its daily investment objective. The Manager and Trustee of the ETF is BetaPro Management Inc. JovInvestment Management Inc. is the Investment Manager. ProShare Advisors LLC acts as the Sub-Advisor. 	Horizons BetaPro S&P TSX Capped Financials Bull Plus ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
HIX	nul	Horizons BetaPro S&P/TSX 60 Inverse ETF			--	
HVI	nul	Horizons BetaPro S&P 500 VIX ST Future Inverse ETF			--	
HOG	nul	Horizons Canadian Midstream Oil Gas Index ETF			--	
HII	nul	Horizons CDN Insider Index ETF			--	
HCN	nul	Horizons China High Dividend Yield Index ETF			--	
HBB	nul	Horizons CDN Select Universe Bond ETF			--	
HEX	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Equity ETF			--	
HEX.A	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Equity ETF			--	
HUT.A	nul	Horizons Cdn Equity Managed Risk ETF			--	
HUT	nul	Horizons Cdn Equity Managed Risk ETF			--	
HUG	nul	Horizons COMEX Gold ETF			--	
HUZ	nul	Horizons Betapro Comex Silver Etf			--	
HTD	nul	Horizons Betapro Us 30 Yr Bond Bear Plus Etf			--	
HEE	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Energy ETF			--	
HEE.A	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Energy ETF			--	
HGM	nul	Horizons Managed Global Opportunities ETF			--	
HEA	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income US Equity ETF USD			--	
HMA	nul	Horizons Managed Multi Asset Momentum ETF			--	
HEA.A	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income US Equity ETF USD			--	
HMA.A	nul	Horizons Managed Multi Asset Momentum ETF			--	
HGM.A	nul	Horizons Managed Global Opportunities ETF			--	
HEA.U	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income US Equity ETF USD			--	
HHF.A	nul	Horizons Morningstar Hedge Fund Index ETF			--	
HEA.V	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income US Equity ETF USD			--	
HHF	nul	Horizons Morningstar Hedge Fund Index ETF			--	
HUC	nul	HBP Winter Term NYMEX Crude Oil ETF			--	
HGY.A	nul	Horizons Gold Yield Fund			--	
HEP.A	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Gold Producers ETF			--	
HGY	nul	Horizons Gold Yield Fund			--	
HEP	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Gold Producers ETF			--	
HEF	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Financials ETF			--	
HEJ	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income International Equity ETF			--	
HEJ.A	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income International Equity ETF			--	
HNY	nul	Horizons Natural Gas Yield ETF			--	
HEF.A	nul	Horizons Enhanced Income Financials ETF			--	
HNY.A	nul	Horizons Natural Gas Yield ETF			--	
HXE	nul	Horizons S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index ETF			--	
HXF	nul	Horizons S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index ETF			--	
HTB	nul	Horizons US 7 10 Year Treasury Bond ETF			--	
HXT.U	nul	Horizons BetaPro S&P TSX 60 Index ETF			--	
HUN	nul	Horizons NYMEX Natural Gas ETF			--	
HTB.U	nul	Horizons US 7 10 Year Treasury Bond ETF			--	
HAC	nul	Horizons Alphapro Seasonal Rotation ETF			--	
HXT	nul	Horizons BetaPro S&P TSX 60 Index ETF			--	
HAC.A	nul	Horizons Alphapro Seasonal Rotation ETF			--	
HUS.V	nul	Horizons US Equity Managed Risk ETF			--	
DLR	nul	Horizons US Dollar Currency ETF			--	
HUS.U	nul	Horizons US Equity Managed Risk ETF			--	
HEW	nul	Horizons S&P/TSX 60 Equal Weight Index ETF			--	
HXS.U	nul	Horizons S&P 500 Index ETF			--	
DLR.U	nul	Horizons US Dollar Currency ETF			--	
HXS	nul	Horizons S&P 500 Index ETF			--	
HSB.PR.C	HSBC Bank Canada is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc. The bank's operations include Commercial Banking, Global Banking and Markets, as well as Retail Banking and Wealth Management. Commercial Banking business is segmented into Large Corporate Banking, serving large, multi-national companies with more sophisticated financial needs; Mid-Market, providing solutions both domestically and internationally; and, Business Banking, serving small and medium-sized enterprises. Commercial Banking also offers a range of commercial financial services and solutions to customers. Global Banking and Markets provides financial solutions to Government, corporate and institutional clients across the world. Global Banking and Markets is managed as three business lines: Markets, Capital Financing and Banking. Retail Banking and Wealth Management provides banking and wealth management services for its customers. 	HSBC Bank Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	7900	1996
HZM	Horizonte Minerals PLC is a United Kingdom-based company engaged in the exploration and development of precious and base metals. The principal activity of the Company and its subsidiaries is the identification, acquisition, exploration and development of mineral projects. The Company operates principally in the United Kingdom and Brazil. The Company wholly owns the Araguaia nickel project, located south of the Carajas mineral district in northern Brazil. It has 85 square kilometers of total license area. 	Horizonte Minerals PLC			--	January 16, 2006
HBM.WT	nul	HudBay Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
HBM	HudBay Minerals Inc. (Hudbay) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in the production of copper concentrate, consisting of copper, gold and silver, as well as zinc metal. The Company is focused on the discovery, production and marketing of base and precious metals in North and South America. Through its subsidiaries, the Company owns copper/zinc/gold mines, ore concentrators and a zinc production facility in northern Manitoba and Saskatchewan, and copper projects in Cusco (Peru) and Arizona (United States). The Company's properties include 777 Mine, Lalor Mine, Reed Mine. The Company also owns 100% interests of Constancia project in Peru and Rosemont project, is a copper project located in Pima County, Arizona. 	HudBay Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1797	August 15, 2011
HSB.PR.D	nul	HSBC Bank Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
HBC	Hudsons Bay Co HBC is a Canada-based department store retailer. The Company's retail portfolio includes approximately nine banners, ranging from luxury to better department stores to off price, with over 460 stores across the world. The Company's operating segments include DSG, Saks Fifth Avenue, OFF 5TH and HBC Europe. In North America, HBCs banners include Hudsons Bay, Lord & Taylor, Saks Fifth Avenue and Saks OFF 5TH, along with Find @ Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters. In Europe, its banners include GALERIA Kaufhof, which is a department store group in Germany, Belgiums only department store group Galeria INNO, as well as Sportarena. The Company's range of products in various categories includes Shoes, Handbags, Jewelry and Accessories, Women's Clothing, Beauty, and Home and Travel. The Company has various brands, which include GUCCI, GRANDOE, CALVIN KLEIN WOMENS, ADAM TUCKER, CAROLEE, CARON, GUESS, AURA ASHLEY, LEE COOPER, PINC PREMIUM, CACHET and LA BLANCA. 	Hudson's Bay Co HBC	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Department Stores	29000	February 1, 2015
HSE.PR.E	nul	Husky Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
HSE.PR.C	nul	Husky Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
HSE.PR.A	nul	Husky Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
HSE.PR.G	nul	Husky Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
HSE	Husky Energy Inc. (Husky) is an international integrated energy company. The Company operates in two segments: Upstream and Downstream. Upstream includes exploration for, and development and production of, crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGL (Exploration and Production) and marketing of the Company's and other producers' crude oil, natural gas, Natural Gas Liquids (NGL), sulphur and petroleum coke, pipeline transportation, the blending of crude oil and natural gas, and storage of crude oil, diluent and natural gas (Infrastructure and Marketing). Downstream includes upgrading of heavy crude oil feedstock into synthetic crude oil (Upgrading), refining in Canada of crude oil and marketing of refined petroleum products, including gasoline, diesel, ethanol blended fuels, asphalt and ancillary products, and production of ethanol (Canadian Refined Products) and refining in the United States of primarily crude oil to produce and market gasoline, jet fuel and diesel fuels. 	Husky Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	5552	June 21, 2000
H	Hydro One Ltd (Hydro One) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the electricity transmission and distribution businesses. The Company operates through three segments: The Transmission Business, The Distribution Business and Other. The Transmission Business segment owns and operates Ontario's electricity transmission system and provides electricity transportation and connection services, and transmits electricity throughout the Ontario electricity grid. The Distribution Business segment is engaged in the business of delivering and selling electricity to its customers. Its Other segment includes various corporate activities and the operations of the telecommunications business. Its transmission assets include assets used for the transmission of high-voltage electricity. Its distribution assets include assets related to the distribution of low-voltage electricity. Its communication assets include the fiber optic and microwave radio system. 	Hydro One Ltd	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	7000	August 31, 2015
HYD	Hyduke Energy Services Inc. is an oilfield services company. The Company is engaged in the manufacture, repair and distribution of oilfield equipment and supplies. It operates in two businesses: industrial supply and distribution to the drilling and service rig industry, and oilfield equipment and components manufacturing, assembly and service. It operates in three segments: Manufacturing & Fabrication, which includes the design, manufacture, refurbishment and repair of land-based drilling rigs; well servicing rig; drilling support equipment; work over support equipment, and custom machining; Supply & Service, which includes the procurement and distribution of spare parts; equipment components; operating supplies and pneumatic controls for the drilling and well service industries; service and repair of drilling rigs, work over rigs, service rigs and truck mounted equipment, and the inspection and certification of drilling and well servicing equipment, and Corporate Services. 	Hyduke Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	350	December 8, 1995
HYG	Hydrogenics Corp is a Canada-based company that provides hydrogen generation, energy storage and hydrogen power modules to its customers and partners around the world. The Company designs, develops and manufactures hydrogen generation products based on water electrolysis technology, and fuel cell products based on proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology. The Company's segments are Onsite Generation and Power Systems. The Company has manufacturing sites in Germany, Belgium and Canada, and service centers in Russia, Europe, the United States and Canada. The Company's OnSite Generation segment is based in Oevel, Belgium. It develops products for industrial gas, hydrogen fueling and renewable energy storage markets. Its HyPM products are configured into multiple electrical power outputs ranging from approximately 1 kilowatt to 1 megawatt. It also develops and delivers hydrogen generation products based on PEM water electrolysis, which are used to serve the energy storage markets. 	Hydrogenics Corp	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	163	June 10, 2009
IBG.DB	nul	IBI Group Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	
IBG.DB.C	nul	IBI Group Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	
IBG	IBI Group Inc. is a Canada-based international, multi-disciplinary provider of a range of professional services focused on the physical development of cities. The business of the Company is conducted through IBI Group Partnership, which is a global architecture, engineering, planning and technology entity, which operates in more than 15 countries across the world. Its consulting services are concentrated in three practice areas: intelligence, buildings and infrastructure. The Company operates in a range of sectors, including urban design and planning, architecture, civil engineering, transportation engineering, traffic engineering, systems engineering, real estate analysis, landscape architecture, communications engineering and software development, among others. Its customers include national, provincial, state, and local government agencies and public institutions, as well as companies in the real estate building, and land and infrastructure development, among others. 	IBI Group Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	2270	June 30, 2010
IBG.DB.B	nul	IBI Group Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	
IGM.PR.B	nul	IGM Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	
ICP	IC Potash Corp. (IC Potash) is a Canada-based development-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring, and developing exploration and evaluation assets. The Company is involved in exploration and development of potash and potash-related minerals that can be processed and converted into Sulphate of Potash (SOP) and other fertilizers. The Company is focused on the exploration for and development of a polyhalite mine and processing facility at its Ochoa property in Lea County, New Mexico. The Company's operations are carried out in New Mexico and Colorado through a wholly owned subsidiary, Intercontinental Potash Corp. (USA). The Company's land holdings consist of approximately 102,000 acres of federal preference right potassium leases, federal subsurface potassium prospecting permits and State of New Mexico potassium mining leases. 	IC Potash Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	20	November 8, 2002
IMG	IAMGOLD Corporation (IAMGOLD) is a mid-tier mining company with four operating gold mines on three continents. The Company mines include Rosebel Gold Mine, Essakane Gold Mine, Sadiola Gold Mine and Yatela Gold Mine. IAMGOLD operates in West Africa, the Guiana Shield of South America and Quebec and has a pipeline of development and exploration projects. The Company holds 95% ownership in the Rosebel Gold Mine, which is located in the Suriname, South America. The Companys 90% owned Essakane Gold Mine mine is located in the Burkina Faso, West Africa. The Company holds 40% interest in the Sadiola Gold Mine, which is located in the Mali, North Western Africa. It also holds 40% interest in the Yatela Gold Mine, which is located in the Mali, North Western Africa. The Company also holds Greenfield exploration projects, which include the Boto Gold Project, the Siribaya exploration project and the Monster Lake project. 	IAMGOLD Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	4900	March 1, 2011
III	Imperial Metals Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, mining and production of base and precious metals. The Company's properties include Red Chris Mine, Mount Polley Mine, Huckleberry Mine, Sterling Mine and Ruddock Creek Property. The Red Chris property consists of the Red Chris main claim group, the Red Chris South group and the Iskut Extension Transmission Line Corridor and covers a total area of approximately 29,482 hectares. Its Mount Polley mine consists of 51 mineral tenures covering approximately 18,892 hectares, and consists of seven mining leases and tenures. The Huckleberry property covers 19,779 hectares and consists of two mining leases totaling approximately 2,421 hectares and 39 mineral claims. The Sterling property consists of 271 lode mining claims plus one water well site. The Ruddock Creek property consists of 42 mineral claims covering a gross area of approximately 21,156 hectares. 	Imperial Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	392	December 6, 2001
IMV	Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company discovers and develops products that activate the immune system to treat cancer and infectious diseases. The Company has a product platform that is used to create highly immunogenic vaccines. The Company develops cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on its DepoVax platform, a formulation that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. The Company has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase I human clinical trials. One of its cancer vaccine candidates is being tested in a Phase II trial in lymphoma. The Company is also advancing an infectious disease pipeline, including vaccines for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and anthrax. 	Immunovaccine Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	23	May 18, 2007
IGM	IGM Financial Inc. is a Canada-based financial services company. The Company's principal businesses are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation, which operate within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company operates in three segments: Investors Group, which provides a range of financial and investment planning services through its network of Consultants across the country and its products and services include Personal Financial Planner and Mutual Funds, among others; Mackenzie, which is an investment management firm and is engaged in the provision of investment management and related services offered through diversified investment solutions and distributed through multiple distribution channels, and Corporate and Other segment includes net investment income, share of earnings of its affiliate, Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), operating results for Investment Planning Counsel Inc., other income, as well as consolidation elimination entries. 	IGM Financial Inc	Financials	Investment Services	1600	August 3, 1978
IMO	Imperial Oil Limited is an integrated oil company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, and production and sale of, crude oil and natural gas. The Companys operations are conducted in three main segments: Upstream, Downstream and Chemical. Upstream operations include the exploration for, and production of, crude oil, natural gas, synthetic oil and bitumen. Downstream operations consist of the transportation and refining of crude oil, blending of refined products and the distribution and marketing of those products. Chemical operations consist of the manufacturing and marketing of various petrochemicals. The Companys Chemical operations manufacture and market ethylene, benzene, aromatic and aliphatic solvents, plasticizer intermediates and polyethylene resin. 	Imperial Oil Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	5700	May 1, 1978
IRG	Imvescor Restaurant Group Inc. is a Canada-based company that operates franchised and corporate restaurants under the Pizza Delight, Mikes, Scores and Baton Rouge brand names. The Company operates through three segments: Franchised restaurants, Company-owned restaurants, and Manufacturing and retail. Franchised restaurants generate revenues from royalties, supplier contributions and franchise fees for its four franchised restaurant brands. Company-owned restaurants generate revenues from the direct sale of prepared food to customers and include the operations of the company-owned Mikes, Scores, and Baton Rouge restaurants. The manufacturing and retail operations generate revenues from the manufacture and sale of ingredients and prepared food to franchised and company-owned restaurants, distributors and retailers, and the royalties earned from retail operations. It also manufactures and sells branded food products, including the retail products marketed under the Commensal brand. 	Imvescor Restaurant Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	263	August 25, 2013
IRG.WT	nul	Imvescor Restaurant Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	--	
IFA	iFabric Corp. offers a range of products and services, through its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company's operating segments include Intimate Apparel, Intelligent Fabrics and Other. The Intimate Apparel segment manufactures and distributes foam shoulder pads and also designs and manufactures women's intimate apparel and a range of specialty bras, including the backless and strapless underwire bra. Intimate Apparel products are sold under brands, including Maidenform, Control It!, Fat Free Dressing, Flexees, Lilyette, Maidenform's Charmed, Bodymates, Inspirations, Self Expressions and Sweet Nothings. The Intelligent Fabrics segment develops, tests and distributes specialty textiles, as well as chemicals suitable for application to textiles and offer textiles which have the ability to kill bacteria and repel insects. Intelligent fabrics division utilizes technologies, such as Enguard Insect Repellent Fabric, Protx2 Anti Microbial Technologies and Dreamskin textile technology. 	iFabric Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	--	April 9, 2007
INC.UN	Income Financial Trust (the Trust) is a mutual fund trust. The portfolio is managed and is invested in North American financial services companies whose shares are included in the S&P Toronto Stock Exchange Capped Financials index, the S&P Financials index or the S&P Midcap Financials index. The financial services companies in North America, in the banking, insurance, brokerage, investment management or specialty finance sectors, are held within the portfolio. The portfolio may include instalment receipts for common shares, securities convertible into or exchangeable for common shares of corporations. Its portfolio may also include debt securities having a remaining term to maturity of less than one year issued or guaranteed by the government of Canada or the government of the United States or short-term commercial paper with a rating of at least R-1 by DBRS Limited or the equivalent rating from another approved rating organization. Quadravest is the investment manager for the Trust. 	Income Financial Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	January 27, 1999
IDX.UN	INDEXPLUS Income Fund is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with high levels of monthly distributions, and to outperform the Middlefield Income Trust Conversion Index (the trust index) on a total return basis over the life of the Fund. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio of high yielding equities, 50% to 80% of which tracks the Trust Index. The Trust Index is rebalanced on a semi-annual basis. The remainder of the portfolio is actively managed to enhance returns and reduce the risks associated with indexing. The Fund invests in sectors, which include energy, real estate, utilities, telecommunication service, industrials, materials, financials and consumer discretionary, among others. Middlefield Limited is the trustee and manager of the Fund. Guardian Capital LP and Middlefield Capital Corporation are the co-advisors to the Fund. 	IndexPlus Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	July 29, 2003
IAC.WT	nul	INFOR Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
IAG.PR.A	nul	Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
IAC.A	INFOR Acquisition Corp is a Canada-based acquisition company. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting an acquisition of one or more businesses or assets by way of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination involving the Company. The Company's objective is to execute a qualifying acquisition, the terms of which are determined by the Company and provided that the target business has a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the escrow account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and applicable taxes payable on interest and other amounts earned in the escrow account). 	INFOR Acquisition Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
IAG	Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc. (Industrial Alliance) is a Canada-based life insurance stock company. The Company operates through five segments: Individual Insurance, Individual Wealth Management, Group Insurance, Group Savings and Retirement, and Other activities. The Individual Insurance segment offers life, health, disability, and mortgage insurance products. The Individual Wealth Management segment offers individual products and services for savings plans, retirement funds and segregated funds, in addition to securities brokerage, trust operations and mutual funds. The Group Insurance segment offers life, health, accidental death and dismemberment, dental care and short and long-term disability insurance products. The Group Savings and Retirement segment offers group products and services for savings plans, retirement funds and segregated funds. The Other activities segment offers general insurance products and products related to car insurance. 	Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	5148	February 1, 1996
IDG	Indigo Books & Music Inc. is a Canada-based book, gift and toy retailer. The Company operates stores in 10 provinces and one territory in Canada, and offers online sales through its indigo.ca Website. The Company operates around 91 superstores under the banners Chapters and Indigo, and around 127 small format stores under the banners Coles, Indigospirit, SmithBooks and The Book Company. The Company also has approximately 50% interest in Calendar Club of Canada Limited Partnership (Calendar Club), which operates seasonal kiosks and year-round stores in shopping malls across Canada. The Company has two loyalty programs: irewards, a fee-based loyalty program, and the plum rewards program, a free points-based loyalty program. Both programs offer discounts, and plum rewards also offers points on all products in the stores. Combined, the irewards and plum rewards programs have a total of around 7.5 million members. 	Indigo Books and Music Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Specialty	6200	April 3, 2005
INN.DB.E	nul	Innvest Real Estate Investment Trust	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
IAG.PR.G	nul	Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
INQ	Inscape Corporation is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in manufacturing office furniture and wall products. The Company operates under two segments: Office Furniture segment, which includes storage, benching and systems with manufacturing operations based in Holland Landing, Canada, and Inscape Walls segment, which has a manufacturing facility in upstate New York. The Company has two facilities in Canada and the United States. It serves its clients through a network of dealers and representatives supported by showrooms across North America. It offers products under various categories, including smart, systems, sit-stand solutions, storage, walls, surfaces, private office, seating and government. It offers lateral files, pedestals, towers and lockers. It also offers pneumatic, electric and freestanding standalone desk, work station, bench and private office. It also offers panel-mounted work station and bench. Its subsidiaries include Inscape Inc. and Inscape (New York) Inc. 	Inscape Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	367	
INN.DB.F	nul	Innvest Real Estate Investment Trust	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
ISV	Information Services Corporation is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in providing registry and information services to the Province of Saskatchewan and is a provider of the Land Titles Registry (Land Registry), Land Surveys Directory (Land Survey), Personal Property Registry (PPR) and Corporate Registry (Corporate Registry) in the Province (collectively, the Registries). The Company provides service to its customers who are individuals and businesses within the Province by supporting economic activity through real property, personal property and corporate registrations. The Company manages and administers four integrated end-to-end registries as well as complementary information services and solutions. The Company provides service to its customers who are individuals and businesses within the Province by supporting economic activity through real property, personal property and corporate registrations. 	Information Services Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	265	January 1, 2000
INN.DB.G	nul	Innvest Real Estate Investment Trust	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
INN.UN	InnVest Real Estate Investment Trust (InnVest) is an open-ended real estate investment trust, which owns a portfolio of hotels across Canada. As at December 31, 2014, InnVest also held a 50% interest in Choice Hotels Canada Inc., a franchisor of hotels in Canada. As at December 31, 2014, InnVest's portfolio consisted of 110 hotel properties (14,164 rooms), each operated under franchise brands. InnVest's hotels are managed by five hotel management companies, Westmont Hospitality Management Canada Limited (Westmont), Delta Hotels Limited (Delta Hotels), Fairmont Hotels & Resorts (Fairmont Hotels), Hilton Canada Co. (Hilton Hotels) and Hyatt Hotels Corporation. As at December 31, 2014, Westmont managed 99 of InnVest's hotels, Delta Hotels managed five hotels, Fairmont Hotels managed three hotels, Hilton Hotels managed two hotels and Hyatt Hotels Corporation managed one hotel. As at December 31, 2014, InnVest also owned a retail complex and a retirement home. 	Innvest Real Estate Investment Trust	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	6000	2002
INE.PR.A	nul	Innergex Renewable Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
INE.PR.C	nul	Innergex Renewable Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
INE.DB.A	nul	Innergex Renewable Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
INE	Innergex Renewable Energy Inc. is an independent renewable power producer. The Company is a developer, owner and operator of renewable power-generating facilities with a focus on hydroelectric, wind power and solar photovoltaic (PV) projects. It operates through four segments: hydroelectric generation, wind power generation, solar power generation and site development. Through its hydroelectric, wind power and solar power generation segments, the Company sells electricity produced by its hydroelectric, wind farm and solar facilities to publicly owned utilities or other creditworthy counterparties. Through its site development segment, it analyzes potential sites and develops hydroelectric, wind and solar facilities up to the commissioning stage. Its portfolio of assets consists of interests in 33 operating facilities with an aggregate net installed capacity of 687 megawatts (MW), including 26 hydroelectric operating facilities, six wind farms, and one solar photovoltaic farm. 	Innergex Renewable Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	136	January 1, 2012
IGG	Innova Gaming Group Inc. provides games and products to the gaming industry, with a focus on state and provincial lotteries. The Company develops, produces, markets and services games, systems and tickets for the North American gaming industry, for the business to government (B2G) lottery sector. The Company's product is the LT-3, an instant ticket vending machine that dispenses tickets while simultaneously displaying the results of each ticket on a video monitor in an entertaining fashion. The Company owns Diamond Game Enterprises (Diamond Game), a land-based gaming company. 	Innova Gaming Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Casinos & Gaming	69	February 25, 2015
INO.UN	Inovalis Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company has a portfolio of seven office properties in France and in Germany comprising approximately 943,486 square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). Five properties are situated in and around Paris, France. The remaining properties are located in the German cities of Duisburg and Hanover. Its properties include the Hanover Property, the Dubonnet Property, the Jeuneurs Property, the Vanves Property, the Duisburg Property, the Sabliere Property and the Baldi Property. 	Inovalis Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	61	February 8, 2013
IRD	International Road Dynamics Inc. (IRD) is a Canada-based company engaged in providing systems and solutions for the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) Industry. The Company is engaged in engineering, software development, manufacturing, and integration of products and systems for traffic flows. The Company offers products, such as counters and classifiers, axle sensors and grout, IRD DYNAX Treadles, portable axle weighers, access control and security, software, traffic products, weigh-in-motion (WIM) controllers and WIM systems. The Company offers its products to government transportation agencies, traffic engineering companies, city and municipal agencies, concessionaires, public transit operators, industrial, mining, and service companies across the world. 	International Road Dynamics Inc	Industrials	Highways & Railtracks	50	August 29, 1997
ITH	International Tower Hill Mines Ltd. is a mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company holds or has the right to acquire interests in an advanced stage exploration project in Alaska referred to as the Livengood Gold Project (the Livengood Gold Project or the Project). The Company controls 100% of the Livengood Gold Project. The Livengood Gold Project is located approximately 113 kilometers (70 miles) by road northwest of Fairbanks, Alaska in the Tolovana Mining District within the Tintina Gold Belt. It has a mineral resource of approximately 731 million measured tons at an average grade of over 0.61 g/ton (14.4 million ounces at approximately 0.3 g/ton cut-off), 71 million indicated tons at an average grade of over 0.56 g/ton (1.3 million ounces at 0.3 g/ton cut-off) and approximately 266 million inferred tons at an average grade of over 0.52 g/ton (4.4 million ounces at 0.3 g/ton cut-off). 	International Tower Hill Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	12	May 26, 1978
IAM	Integrated Asset Management Corp. is a Canada-based alternative asset management company. The Company offers alternative asset class management to institutional, pension and private clients. The Company provides investors with real estate, private debt, infrastructure equity and managed futures asset classes. The Company's geographic segment is Canada. The Company develops and manages alternative investments, which enable institutional investors, including pension funds, endowments, foundations and family offices to reduce risk and enhance returns in their portfolios. The Company manages assets across a range of alternative asset classes for institutional and high net worth customers. The Company has properties in Halifax, Nova Scotia; Moncton, New Brunswick; Montreal, Quebec; Cambridge, Ontario; Brampton, Ontario; Mississauga, Ontario; Ottawa, Ontario; Surrey, British Columbia; Edmonton Alberta; Waterloo, Ontario; Kitchener, Ontario, and Calgary, Alberta. 	Integrated Asset Management Corp	Financials	Investment Services	250	December 23, 1996
IFC.PR.A	nul	Intact Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
I	Intellipharmaceutics International Inc. is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research, development and manufacture of novel and generic controlled-release and targeted-release oral solid dosage drugs. The Company's Hypermatrix technology is a multidimensional controlled-release drug delivery platform is applied to the development of a range of existing and new pharmaceuticals. Based on this technology platform, it has developed several drug delivery systems and a pipeline of products and product candidates at various stages of development in therapeutic areas that include neurology, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal tract, diabetes and pain. The Hypermatrix family of technologies include IntelliFoam, IntelliGITransporter, IntelliMatrix, IntelliOsmotics, IntelliPaste, IntelliPellets, IntelliShuttle and Point of Divergence Drug Delivery System (nPODDDS). Its products include Focalin XR, Effexor XR, Protonix, Lamictal XR, Keppra XR, Pristiq, Oleptro, and Lyrica, among others. 	Intellipharmaceutics International Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	52	October 22, 2009
IFC	Intact Financial Corporation is a Canada-based holding company that provides property and casualty (P&C) insurance. The Company insures around five million individuals and businesses through its insurance subsidiaries in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and Nova Scotia. The Company distributes insurance under the Intact Insurance brand through a network of brokers and its wholly owned subsidiary, BrokerLink. The Company's non-standard auto insurance in Ontario is distributed under the Jevco brand. The Company also distributes insurance directly to consumers through belairdirect and Grey Power. The Company's subsidiaries include Intact Insurance Company, Belair Insurance Company Inc., The Nordic Insurance Company of Canada, Novex Insurance Company, Trafalgar Insurance Company of Canada, Equisure Financial Network Inc., Canada Brokerlink Inc., Grey Power Insurance Brokers Inc., Intact Farm Insurance Inc., Jevco Insurance Company and IB Reinsurance Inc. 	Intact Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	12000	December 10, 2004
IFC.PR.C	nul	Intact Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
IPL	Inter Pipeline Ltd. (Inter Pipeline) owns and operates energy infrastructure assets located in western Canada and Europe. Inter Pipeline operates in four segments: oil sands transportation business, conventional oil pipelines business, natural gas liquids (NGL) extraction business and the bulk liquid storage business. The oil sands transportation business consists of the Corridor, Cold Lake and Polaris pipeline systems, which transport petroleum products and diluent and provide related blending and handling services. The conventional oil pipelines business involves the transportation, storage and processing of hydrocarbons, as well as midstream marketing blending and handling services. The NGL extraction business consists of processing natural gas to extract NGLs, including ethane and a mixture of propane, butane and pentanes plus. The bulk liquid storage business was rebranded Inter Terminal, which involves the primary storage and handling of bulk liquid products. 	Inter Pipeline	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	659	September 2, 2013
IIP.UN	InterRent Real Estate Investment Trust (InterRent REIT) is an open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company invests in multi-family residential properties within Canada. The Company's portfolio consists of approximately 76 properties containing around 6,700 suites, including 444 un-rentable suites at the redevelopment property in Ottawa and 17 un-rentable suites at the redevelopment property in Hamilton. InterRent REIT has around 517 suites in Eastern Ontario, approximately 1,198 suites in Greater Toronto Area (GTA), around 1,005 suites in Hamilton and Niagara, approximately 501 suites in Montreal, around 349 suites in Northern Ontario, around 1,290 suites in National Capital Region-Ottawa, approximately 497 suites in National Capital Region-Gatineau and around 1,343 suites in Western Ontario. InterRent REIT generates revenues, cash flows and earnings from rental operations, and from the sale of properties. 	InterRent Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	154	
IFP	Interfor Corporation is a Canada-based supplier of lumber products. The Company has sawmilling operations in British Columbia, Washington, Oregon and Georgia and supplies lumber products to markets in North America, the Asia-Pacific region and Europe. The Company's products range from commodity structural lumber through to specialty products, such as exterior decking and siding, machine stress rated products, industrial timbers and appearance grade items. As a by-product of lumber production, the Company's sawmills produce wood chips and other residuals. The Company produces wood products in British Columbia, the United States Northwest and the United States Southeast for sale to markets around the world. It also owns remanufacturing facilities in Washington and Georgia. 	Interfor Corp	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	1365	May 6, 1963
IMP	Intermap Technologies Corporation (Intermap) is a global location-based information company. The Company is engaged in creating a range of geospatial solutions and analytics from its NEXTMap database. Its products and services include location-based information products and services used to provide Answers Now, which include Orion Platform, Spatial Data Infrastructure (SDI) and Data Fusion Services; New Products and Services, which include InsitePro, InsitePro for Pipelines, GeoPro, Orion Control Center, World 30, and radar based products, which include Digital Surface Model (DSM), Digital Terrain Model (DTM) and Orthorectified Radar Image (ORI). Intermap produces additional mapping and image products, which include custom contours, terrain-derived hydrology datasets, terrain-derived coastline datasets, slope maps, aspect maps and hillshade images. It also provides training services to its customers. It also has a 10-meter product of the entire world, called NEXTMap World 10. 	Intermap Technologies Corp	Technology	Office Equipment	185	February 25, 1997
ITP	Intertape Polymer Group Inc. operates in the specialty packaging industry in North America. The Company develops, manufactures and sells a variety of paper and film-based pressure sensitive and water activated tapes, polyethylene and specialized polyolefin packaging films, woven coated fabrics and complementary packaging systems for industrial and retail use. It operates in the United States, Canada and other countries. Its products comprises carton sealing tapes, including pressure sensitive and water activated tapes; industrial and performance specialty tapes, including masking, duct, electrical and reinforced filament tapes; shrink film; stretch wrap; lumberwrap, structure fabrics, geomembrane fabrics, and non-manufactured flexible intermediate bulk containers (FIBC). Its subsidiaries include Intertape Polymer Corp., Intertape Polymer US Inc., IPG (US) Holdings Inc., IPG (US) Inc. and Intertape Polymer Inc., among others. 	Intertape Polymer Group Inc	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	1800	August 31, 1993
PFU.UN	Investment Grade Managed Duration Income Fund is a Canada-based fund managed by Purpose Investment Inc. The Funds investment objectives are to: provide holders of unites with a stream of monthly distributions, preserve the net asset value per unit, and reduce the rising interest rates by managing portfolio duration; by investing primarily in the United States and Canadian dollar denominated investment grade preferred securities. 	Investment Grade Managed Duration Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
INV	INV Metals Inc. (INV Metals) is a Canada-based international mineral resource company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of base and precious metals projects across the world. The Company's material property is the 100% owned Loma Larga gold project (Loma Larga, or Property). The Loma Larga Project is located approximately 30 kilometers southwest of the city of Cuenca, Azuay Province, Ecuador. The Company's other mineral properties include Rio Novo property, Brazil, and Kaoko property, Namibia. The Company holds a 35% interest in the Kaoko Property, which is located in the Kunene Region of northwest Namibia and is comprised of 11 Exclusive Prospecting Licenses (EPL's) totaling approximately 3,673 square kilometers in a belt geologically analogous and similar in size to the Zambian Copper Belt. It also holds 50% interest in southern Rio Novo property, located in the Carajas mining district of Brazil. 	INV Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	23	October 20, 2005
CBN	nul	iShares Balanced Growth CorePortfolio Index ETF			--	
CBN.A	nul	iShares Balanced Growth CorePortfolio Index ETF			--	
IFB.UN	Investment Grade Infrastructure Bond Fund is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Units (Unitholders) with monthly cash distributions and to preserve capital and provide the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to invest at least 80% of total assets in Investment Grade infrastructure-related debt securities of United States issuers. Such securities may include bonds issued by local governmental agencies to finance the ownership, development, construction, renovation or operation of infrastructure assets (Governmental Bonds), and debt securities issued by, or loans issued to, infrastructure-related companies, which include companies involved in the ownership, development, construction, renovation, financing or operation of infrastructure assets, or that provide the services and raw materials necessary for the construction and maintenance of infrastructure assets. The Fund is managed by Fiera Capital Corporation. 	Investment Grade Infrastructure Bond Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
CBO	nul	iShares 1-5 Year Laddered Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
ITC	Intrinsyc Technologies Corporation is a product developer and provides software, engineering services, and integrated solutions. The Company provides solutions for the development and production of mobile and embedded devices, and the Internet of Things (IoT), with software solutions for navigation/location based services (LBS) and Java enterprise interoperability. The Company's embedded computing products include the DragonBoard Development Kit and Open-Q production ready System on Module (SOM) for the Snapdragon S4 Plus APQ8060A, 800 Series APQ8074, APQ8084 and APQ094, as well as the Mobile Development Platform Tablet (MDP/T) and Automotive Development Platform (ADP). For IoT devices, the Company develops and sells the iQ Wireless Development Kit and also distributes cellular communication modules through a distribution relationship with AnyDATA Corporation. The Company also developed and sells RapidRIL Telephony and Remote Device Management middleware. 	Intrinsyc Technologies Corp	Technology	Software	36	May 1, 2003
CLG	nul	iShares 1-10 Year Laddered Government Bond Idex ETF			--	
CBH.A	nul	iShares 1-10 Year Laddered Corporate Bond Idex ETF			--	
CLG.A	nul	iShares 1-10 Year Laddered Government Bond Idex ETF			--	
CBH	nul	iShares 1-10 Year Laddered Corporate Bond Idex ETF			--	
CBO.A	nul	iShares 1-5 Year Laddered Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
CLF	nul	iShares 1-5 Year Laddered Government Bond Idx ETF			--	
XAL	nul	iShares Alternatives Completion Portfolio Builder			--	
CLF.A	nul	iShares 1-5 Year Laddered Government Bond Idx ETF			--	
XHB	nul	iShares Canadian HYBrid Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
XRB	iShares CDN DEX Real Return Bond Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN DEX Real Return Bond Index Fund, seeks to provide income by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the DEX Real Return Bond Index (the Index). The Index is a market capitalization index consisting primarily of Canadian federal and provincial real return bonds. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares Canadian Real Return Bond Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XCB	nul	iShares DEX All Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
CBQ.A	nul	iShares BRIC Index ETF			--	
XGB	nul	iShares Canadian Government Bond Index ETF			--	
CBQ	nul	iShares BRIC Index ETF			--	
FIE.A	nul	Claymore Canadian Financial			--	
XCG	nul	iShares Canadian Growth Index ETF			--	
XDV	iShares Dow Jones Canada Select Dividend Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN Dow Jones Canada Select Dividend Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the Dow Jones Canada Select Dividend Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The Index consists of 30 of the highest yielding, dividend-paying companies in the Dow Jones Canada Total Market Index, as selected by Dow Jones using a rules-based methodology, including an analysis of dividend growth, yield and average payout ratio. In the Index, the weight of any one company, in terms of market capitalization, is limited to 10%. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares Canadian Select Dividend Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
FIE	nul	Claymore Canadian Financial			--	
CRQ.A	nul	iShares Canadian Fundamental Index ETF			--	
CRQ	nul	iShares Canadian Fundamental Index ETF			--	
CBD.A	nul	iShares Balanced Income CorePortfolio Index ETF			--	
CBD	nul	iShares Balanced Income CorePortfolio Index ETF			--	
XCV	nul	iShares Canadian Value Index ETF			--	
CVD	nul	iShares Convertible Bond Index ETF			--	
XCH	nul	iShares China Index ETF			--	
CVD.A	nul	iShares Convertible Bond Index ETF			--	
XSE	nul	iShares Conservative Strategic Fixed Income ETF			--	
XSC	nul	iShares Conservative Short Term Stratc Fxd Inc ETF			--	
XBB	iShares DEX Universe Bond Index Fund seeks to provide income by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the DEX Universe Bond Index, net of expenses. The DEX Bond Index consists of a diversified selection of investment-grade Government of Canada, provincial, corporate and municipal bonds issued domestically in Canada and denominated in Canadian dollars. There are four credit or borrower categories: bonds issued bt Government of Canada (including Crown corporation), Provincial Bonds (including provincially guaranteed securities), Municipal Bonds, and Corporate Bonds. The Corporate sector is further divided into sub-sectors, such as financial, communication, industrial, energy, infrastructure, real estate and securitization. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares Canadian Universe Bond Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XLB	nul	iShares Core Canadian Long Term Bond Index ETF			--	
XSH	nul	iShares Core Canadian ShTm Corp + Maple Bd Idx ETF			--	
XCR	nul	Ishares Conservative Core Portfolio Builder			--	
XSB	iShares DEX Short Term Bond Index Fund (XSB) seeks to provide income by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the DEX Short Term Bond Index, net of expenses. The DEX Short Term Bond Index is a market capitalization weighted index consisting of a diversified range of investment grade federal, provincial, municipal and corporate bonds with a term to maturity between one and five years. XSB invests in sectors, such as federal, financial, provincial, energy and real estate. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares Canadian Short Term Bond Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XEF	nul	iShares Core MSCI EAFE IMI Index ETF			--	
XUU	nul	iShares Core S&P US Total Market Index ETF			--	
XUS	nul	iShares Core S&P 500 Index ETF			--	
XSP	iShares S&P 500 Index Fund (CAD-Hedged) (XSP) seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P 500 Hedged to Canadian Dollars Index, net of expenses. The Index is a market capitalization-weighted index of securities of 500 of the largest United States public issuers provided by S&P, hedged to Canadian dollars. XSP invests in sectors, including information technology, financials, health care, consumer staples, energy, consumer discretionary, industrials, utilities, materials and telecommunication services. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited (BlackRock Canada). 	iShares S&P 500 Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
XQB.A	nul	iShares Core High Quality Canadian Bond Index ETF			--	
XAW	nul	iShares Core MSCI AC World ex Canada Idx ETF			--	
XEC	nul	iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets IMI Index ETF			--	
XQB	nul	iShares Core High Quality Canadian Bond Index ETF			--	
XFH	nul	iShares Core MSCI EAFE IMI Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XIC	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Composite Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN S&P/TSX Capped Composite Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Composite Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The Index consists of a selection of the largest (by market capitalization) and most liquid securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), selected by Standard & Poors (S&P) using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares Core S&P/TSX Capped Composite Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XUH	nul	iShares Core S&P US Total Market Index ETF			--	
CWO.A	nul	iShares Emerging Markets Fundamental Index ETF			--	
XTR	iShares Diversified Monthly Income Fund (the Fund), formerly iShares CDN S&P/TSX Income Trust Index Fund, seeks to provide monthly cash distribution for long-term capital growth by investing primarily in Canadian iShares Funds. The Fund invests in a portfolio that is a diversified representation of income-bearing asset classes, including, but not limited to, common equities, fixed income securities and real estate investment trusts. The Funds asset classes include credit securities, long term maturity fixed income securities, dividend-paying equities and property investments. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares Diversified Monthly Income ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
CEW	nul	Blackrock Investments Canada Inc			--	
CWO	nul	iShares Emerging Markets Fundamental Index ETF			--	
CEW.A	nul	Blackrock Investments Canada Inc			--	
XFS	nul	iShares FactorSelect MSCI USA Index ETF			--	
XEI	nul	iShares Core S&P/TSX Composite High Div Idx ETF			--	
XFC	nul	iShares FactorSelect MSCI Canada Index ETF			--	
XFI	nul	iShares FactorSelect MSCI EAFE Index ETF			--	
XFA	nul	iShares FactorSelect MSCI USA Index ETF (CAD-Hgd)			--	
XSQ	nul	iShares Core Short Term High Quality Canadian Bond Index ETF			--	
XFF	nul	iShares FactorSelect MSCI EAFE Index ETF (CAD-Hgd)			--	
XHC	nul	iShares Global Healthcare Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
CGL	nul	Claymore Gold Bullion Trust			--	
CGL.C	nul	Claymore Gold Bullion Trust			--	
XFR	nul	iShares Floating Rate Index ETF			--	
CIF.A	nul	iShares Global Infrastructure Index ETF			--	
COW.A	nul	iShares Global Agriculture Index ETF			--	
CIF	nul	iShares Global Infrastructure Index ETF			--	
COW	nul	iShares Global Agriculture Index ETF			--	
CYH.A	nul	iShares Global Monthly Dividend Index ETF			--	
CYH	nul	iShares Global Monthly Dividend Index ETF			--	
CGR.A	nul	iShares Global Real Estate Index ETF			--	
CGR	nul	iShares Global Real Estate Index ETF			--	
CWW	nul	iShares Global Water Index ETF			--	
IGT	iShares Gold Trust (the Trust) is to own gold transferred to the Trust in exchange for shares issued by the Trust (Shares). Each Share represents a fractional undivided beneficial interest in the net assets of the Trust. The assets of the Trust consist of gold held by the Trust's custodian on behalf of the Trust. The sponsor of the Trust is iShares Delaware Trust Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor), which is an indirect subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. The trustee of the Trust is The Bank of New York Mellon (the Trustee) and the custodian of the Trust is JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., London branch (the Custodian). The activities of the Trust are limited to issuing Baskets of Shares in exchange for the gold deposited with the Custodian as consideration; selling gold as necessary to cover the Sponsor's fee, Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor and other liabilities, and delivering gold in exchange for Baskets of Shares surrendered for redemption. The Trust is not actively managed. 	Ishares Gold Trust			0	January 21, 2005
XGC	nul	iShares Global Completion Portfolio Builder			--	
CWW.A	nul	iShares Global Water Index ETF			--	
CIE	nul	iShares International Fundamental Index ETF			--	
CJP	nul	iShares Japan Fundamental Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XID	nul	iShares India Index ETF			--	
XBZ	nul	iShares MSCI Brazil Index ETF			--	
XEB	nul	iShares JP Morgan USD Em Mkts Bd Idx ETF (C-H)			--	
CIE.A	nul	iShares International Fundamental Index ETF			--	
XMV	nul	iShares MSCI Canada Minimum Volatility Index ETF			--	
XEN	nul	iShares Jantzi Social Index ETF			--	
XGR	nul	iShares Growth Core Portfolio Builder			--	
CJP.A	nul	iShares Japan Fundamental Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XIN	iShares MSCI EAFE Index Fund (CAD-Hedged), formerly iShares CDN MSCI EAFE 100% Hedged to CAD Dollars Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the MSCI EAFE 100% Hedged to CAD Dollars Index (the Index). The Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted Index provided by Morgan Stanley Capital International, Inc. (MSCI) that includes securities from Europe, Australasia and the Far East, hedged to Canadian dollars. The Index comprises 21 MSCI country indices representing the developed markets outside of North America, including Europe, Australasia and the Far East. The Index is the MSCI EAFE Index with the foreign currency exposure removed so that the returns of the stocks will not be impacted by changes in Canadian dollar /foreign currency exchange rates. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares MSCI EAFE Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XMW	nul	iShares MSCI All Country World Minimum Volatility Index ETF			--	
XQQ	nul	iShares NASDAQ 100 Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XEM	nul	iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF			--	
XMI	nul	iShares MSCI EAFE Minimum Volatility ETF			--	
CMR	nul	iShares Premium Money Market ETF			--	
XCD	nul	iShares S&P Global Cons Dis Idx ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XWD	nul	iShares MSCI World Index ETF			--	
XMM	nul	iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Minimum Volatility Index ETF			--	
CMR.A	nul	iShares Premium Money Market ETF			--	
XMU	nul	iShares MSCI USA Minumum Volatility Index ETF			--	
XEH	nul	iShares MSCI Europe IMI Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XEU	nul	iShares MSCI Europe IMI Index ETF			--	
XST	nul	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Consumer Staples Index ETF			--	
CPD	nul	iShares S&P/TSX Canadian Preferred Share Index ETF			--	
XEG	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such index. The Index consists of securities of Canadian energy sector issuers listed on the TSX, selected by Standard & Poors (S&P) using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The Index includes stocks belonging to the S&P/TSX Energy industry sector classification, with the weight of any one company capped at 25% of the market capitalization of the Index. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Energy Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
CPD.A	nul	iShares S&P/TSX Canadian Preferred Share Index ETF			--	
XIU	iShares S&P/TSX 60 Index Fund seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX 60 Index through investments in the constituent issuers of such index, net of expenses. The Index is comprised of 60 of the largest (by market capitalization) and liquid securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), selected by Standard & Poors (S&P) using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The S&P/TSX 60 Index covers approximately 73% of Canadas equity market capitalization. The S&P/TSX 60 Index also represents the Canadian component Standard & Poors flagship S&P Global 1200 Index. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX 60 Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XIT	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Information Technology Index Fund, is a Canada-based fund that seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Information Technology Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The index is comprised of constituents of the S&P/TSX Composite Index in GICS Sector 45- Information Technology. Constituents are capped at 25% weight. The Index is provided by Standard & Poors (S&P). CGI Group Inc. Class A, Open Text Corporation, Constellation Software Inc., Blackberry Ltd, Dh Corp are few of the funds top holdings. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	Ishares S&P/Tsx Capped Info Technology Index	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XFN	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The Index consists of securities of Canadian financial sector issuers listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), selected by Standard & Poors (S&P) using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The Index includes stocks belonging to the S&P/TSX Financial industry sector classification, with the weight of any one company capped at 25% of the market capitalization of the Index. The Index is provided by S&P. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Financials Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
CDZ.A	nul	iShares S&P TSX Canadian Dividend Aristocrats Index ETF			--	
XMC	nul	iShares S&P U.S. Mid-Cap Index ETF			--	
CDZ	Command Drilling Corporation is a Calgary-based drilling company that has operated in the western Canadian oil patch since the early 1980s. The Company provides contract oilfield drilling services to oil and gas exploration companies in Canada, primarily in Alberta and British Columbia. Generally, land drilling rigs are configured to handle one, two or three joints of drill pipe at one time and are categorized as &quot;singles,&quot; &quot;doubles&quot; or &quot;triples&quot; based on this capability. The Company's fleet is comprised of 14 drilling rigs, of which six are doubles and eight are triples. Six of the eight triples are diesel electric. Command's deeper capacity rigs allow the Company to engage in projects involving deeper, more technically challenging targets. Command also has experience in rig construction and is building a 6,000-meter cantilever triple for delivery in the fall of 2001. 	iShares S&P TSX Canadian Dividend Aristocrats Index ETF			238	December 21, 2001
XGI	nul	iShares S&P Global Industrials Index ETF (CAD-Hdg)			--	
XMH	nul	iShares S&P U.S. Mid-Cap Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XMA	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Materials Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN S&P/TSX Capped Materials Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Capped Materials Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The Index is a constrained market capitalization-weighted index that consists of the securities of Canadian materials sector issuers listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), selected by S&P using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. In the Index, the weight of any one company, in terms of market capitalization, is limited to 25%. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Materials Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XGD	iShares S&P/TSX Global Gold Index Fund seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Global Gold Index through investments in the constituent issuers of such index, net of expenses. The Index is comprised of securities of global gold sector issuers selected by Standard & Poors (S&P) using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The S&P/TSX Global Gold Index is defined using Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) sector classification. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX Global Gold Index ETF	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	
XCS	nul	iShares S&P/TSX Small Cap Index ETF			--	
XRE	iShares S&P/TSX Capped REIT Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN S&P/TSX Capped REIT Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Capped REIT Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The Index consists of securities of Canadian real estate investment trusts (REITs) listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), selected by Standard & Poors (S&P) using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX Capped REIT Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XUT	nul	iShares S&P/TSX Capped Utilities Index ETF			--	
XPF	nul	iShares S&P/TSX NthAm Pref Stk Ix ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XMD	iShares S&P/TSX Completion Index Fund, formerly iShares CDN S&P TSX Completion Index Fund, seeks to provide long-term capital growth by replicating, to the extent possible, the performance of the S&P/TSX Completion Index (the Index) through investments in the constituent issuers of such Index. The Index consists of securities that, on the basis of market capitalization, make up the mid and smaller tier of the Canadian issuers listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), selected by S&P using its industrial classifications and guidelines for evaluating issuer capitalization, liquidity and fundamentals. The Fund is managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited. 	iShares S&P/TSX Completion Index ETF	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	
XSI	nul	iShares Short Term Strategic Fixed Income ETF			--	
XBM	nul	iShares S&P/TSX Global Base Metals Index ETF			--	
CSD	nul	iShares Short Duration High Income CAD Hedged ETF			--	
CSD.A	nul	iShares Short Duration High Income CAD Hedged ETF			--	
CUD	nul	iShares US Dividend Growers Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
XHD	nul	iShares US High Div Eq Idx ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
IAE	Ithaca Energy Inc. is a Canada-based company. The Company is engaged in exploration, development and production of oil and gas in the North Sea. The Company has a Norwegian exploration and appraisal asset portfolio, with a focus of activities being on the generation of reserves in lower risk geological and geographic locations. The Company also has a limited United Kingdom exploration asset portfolio. The Company's principal properties include Northern North Sea, which consists of Dons, Causeway Area, Broom and SW Heather; Outer Moray Firth, which consists of Athena; Central North Sea, which consists of Greater Stella Area, Cook, Pierce and Scolty Area; Southern North Sea, which consists of Anglia and Topaz, and Southern England, which consists of Wytch Farm. 	Ithaca Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	56	April 27, 2004
CUD.A	nul	iShares US Dividend Growers Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
CLU	nul	iShares US Fundamental Index ETF			--	
CLU.C	nul	iShares US Fundamental Index ETF			--	
XIG	nul	iShares US IG Corporate Bd Idx ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
CLU.B	nul	iShares US Fundamental Index ETF			--	
CLU.A	nul	iShares US Fundamental Index ETF			--	
SVR	nul	iShares Silver Bullion ETF Hedged			--	
XSU	nul	iShares US Small Cap Index ETF			--	
XHU	nul	iShares U.S. High Dividend Equity Index Fund			--	
SVR.C	nul	iShares Silver Bullion ETF Hedged			--	
XHY	nul	iShares US High Yield Bd Idx ETF (CAD-Hedged)			--	
CHB	nul	iShares US High Yield Fixed Income Idx ETF CAD-Hgd			--	
CHB.A	nul	iShares US High Yield Fixed Income Idx ETF CAD-Hgd			--	
IVN	Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (Ivanhoe) is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company, whose principal properties are located in Africa. The Company is engaged in the exploration within the Central African Copperbelt and the Bushveld Complex. The Company's projects include Kamoa Project, Platreef Project and Kipushi Project. The Company's Kamoa Project is a copper deposit located in the Central African Copperbelt, in Katanga Province, DRC. The Company's Platreef Project is a PGE, gold, nickel and copper deposit located on the northern limb of the Bushveld Complex, in South Africa. The Company's Kipushi Project is underground zinc and copper mine in the Central African Copperbelt, in Katanga Province, DRC. The Company also holds interests in mineral properties in the DRC and Gabon, including a land package of approximately 1,600 square kilometers in the Central African Copperbelt. 	Ivanhoe Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1120	September 11, 2012
JFS.UN	JFT Strategies Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to maximize return on investment to holders of units while seeking to mitigate market risk and volatility by investing in an actively managed portfolio of long and short positions in any one or a combination of equities, debt securities or other securities. First Asset Investment Management Inc. is the Fund's manager. Timelo Investment Management Inc. is the Portfolio Manager of the Fund. 	JFT Strategies Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PJC.A	Jean Coutu Group PJC (Jean Coutu Group) is a Canada-based pharmacy chain. The Company is engaged in the distribution and retailing of pharmaceutical, healthcare, hygiene, beauty and other products. Jean Coutu Group operates through two segments: franchising and generic drugs. The Company's franchising segment involves its franchising activity under the PJC Jean Coutu, PJC Clinique, PJC Jean Coutu Sante and PJC Jean Coutu Sante Beaute brands, operates two distribution centers and coordinates various other services for its franchisees. In the generic drugs segment, the Company owns Pro Doc Ltd, a Canadian manufacturer of generic drugs with a portfolio of around 170 generic molecules and approximately 370 different products. Jean Coutu Group's services for its franchises include centralized purchasing, distribution, marketing, training, human resources, management, operational consulting, information systems and the private labels program of the Company. 	Jean Coutu Group PJC Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Drugs	1140	June 22, 1973
JE.DB	nul	Just Energy Group Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	--	
JOY	Journey Energy Inc. (Journey)) is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. The Company focusses on the drilling program for oil and liquids rich formations in the two key areas of Matziwin and Herronton. The Company also drills in the Skiff area focusing on light oil and Pembina Keystone Unit. Journey is also engaged in horizontal, multi-frac drilling and secondary recovery methods to develop oil-in-place reservoirs fairway. Journey's Central Region, located west of Edmonton consists of 6,200 barrel of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) (51% liquids) $455MM oil weighted capital projects including 125 net HZ locations. The Companys south region, located southeast of Calgary consists of 4,300 boe/d (51% liquids) $370MM oil weighted capital projects including 150 net HZ locations. 	Journey Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	27	
JEC	Jura Energy Corporation is an upstream oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company's activities are conducted in Pakistan, where it has working interests in operated and non-operated exploration, development and producing concessions, through its wholly owned subsidiaries Spud Energy Pty Limited (SEPL) and Frontier Holdings Limited (FHL). SEPL has one operated and six non-operated working interests in exploration licenses and leases. SEPL holds a 60% working interest in the Sara and Suri leases; 7.89% working interest in the Badar lease and 40% working interest in the Zarghun South lease. FHL has non-operated working interests in two exploration licenses and two development leases, one of which also includes exploration rights in the development and production lease area. FHL holds a 27.5% working interest in the Ayesha gas field; 37.5% working interest in the Kandra lease, and 27.5% working interest in the Badin IV South exploration license, among others. 	Jura Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	37	June 3, 2002
JE	Just Energy Group Inc. (Just Energy) is a Canada-based energy management solutions provider engaged in electricity, natural gas, solar and green energy. The Company's segments include Consumer Energy and Commercial Energy. The Company operates in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, offering a range of energy products and home energy management services, including long-term fixed-price, variable-priced, and flat-bill programs, smart thermostats and residential solar panel installations. Just Energy also offers green products through its JustGreen program and conservation solutions through smart thermostats. The JustGreen electricity product offers customers the option of having all or a portion of their electricity sourced from renewable green sources, such as wind, run of the river hydro or biomass. Smart thermostats are offered as a bundled product with commodity contracts, as well as a stand-alone unit. 	Just Energy Group Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	900	January 1, 2011
JE.DB.B	nul	Just Energy Group Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	--	
KBL	KBro Linen Inc. is an owner and operator of laundry and linen processing facilities in Canada. The Company provides laundry and linen services to Canadian healthcare, hospitality and other commercial customers. The Company's services include the processing, management and distribution of general and operating room linens, including sheets, blankets, towels, surgical gowns and drapes and other linen. Other types of processors in the Company's industry in Canada include independent privatelyowned facilities, public sector central laundries, and public and private sector on premise laundries. The Company operates eight processing facilities and one distribution center under three distinctive brands, including KBro Linen Systems Inc., Buanderie HMR and Les Buanderies Dextraze. It offers these brands in eight Canadian cities, including Quebec City, Montreal, Toronto, Saskatoon, Edmonton, Calgary, Vancouver and Victoria. KBro Linen Systems Inc. is the Company's wholly owned subsidiary. 	K-Bro Linen Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	1650	October 20, 2010
KAT	Katanga Mining Limited is a Switzerland-based holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, produces copper and cobalt metal and that have copper and cobalt assets in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Through its subsidiaries, it operates mining and processing facilities for the production of copper and cobalt; conducts exploration and development of properties with the potential to yield copper and cobalt mineral resources, and holds a number of other mines. It, through its subsidiary, Kamoto Copper Company SA, is engaged in the exploration, mining, refurbishment, rehabilitation, development and operation of the Kamoto/Mashamba East mining complex, including KTO Underground Mine (KTO) and KTE Underground Mine, the Kamoto Oliveira Virgule (KOV Open Pit or KOV) copper and cobalt mine, the T17 Mine consisting of T17 Open Pit and T17 Underground Mine, various oxide open pit resources, the Kamoto Concentrator (KTC) and the Luilu Metallurgical Plant (Luilu) in the DRC. 	Katanga Mining Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4000	August 31, 2011
KLS	Kelso Technologies Inc. is a railway equipment supplier that produces and sells tank car service equipment used for the safe loading, unloading and containment of hazardous materials (HAZMAT) during transport. The Company designs, engineers, markets, produces and distributes various pressure relief valves and manway securement systems designed to reduce the risk of environmental harm due to non-accidental events in the transportation of hazardous commodities via railroad tank cars. It offers approximately 40 commercial products. These products include a series of 36 types of externally mounted constant force spring pressure relief valve (EPRV) for pressure management, a new one-bolt manway product named as Kelso Klincher (KKM) and an eduction tube system (ETS) that address the technical requirements of load and unload operations and the containment of hazardous commodities during transport. Its subsidiaries include Kelso Technologies (USA) Inc. and Kelso Innovative Solutions Inc. 	Kelso Technologies Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	--	March 16, 1987
KER	Kerr Mines Inc. (Kerr), formerly Armistice Resources Corp., is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the exploration, evaluation and development of mineral resource properties in North America. The Company's projects include Copperstone Gold Mine, Larder Lake property and Dufay property. The Copperstone Gold Mine is located in La Paz County, Arizona, the United States. The Company has interest in certain mining claims and property in the Southwest target at the Copperstone Gold Mine. The claims consist of around 50 claims that are outside of the Copperstone mining area. The Larder Lake property is located in Northeastern Ontario. The Larder Lake property spans around 13 kilometers strike length of the Cadillac Larder Lake break. The Company has interest in around 42 unpatented mining claims in the Dufay property located in Dufay Township, Province of Quebec. 	Kerr Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	40	December 1, 1998
KRN	Karnalyte Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company focused on exploration and development of potash in Saskatchewan. It is engaged in the business of exploration and development of agricultural and industrial potash and magnesium products. The Company has two operating segments: potash and magnesium. The Company holds subsurface mineral Permit KP 360A comprising 68,301 acres, as well as lease KSLA 010 comprising 16,825 acres near Wynyard, Saskatchewan. The Company has completed seismic testing, as well as drilling programs bringing the total acres explored to 17,544 or 20% of the total permit area. 	Karnalyte Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	12	November 16, 2007
KEG.UN	Keg Royalties Income Fund (the Fund) is a limited purpose, open-ended trust. The Fund's objective is to provide consistent monthly distributions to unit holders at the highest sustainable level, and the Trustees of the Fund continue to review distribution levels on an ongoing basis to fulfill that objective. The Fund, through its subsidiary Keg Rights Limited Partnership (the Partnership), owns Keg trademarks and other related intellectual property (collectively, Keg Rights) from Keg Restaurants Ltd. (KRL). The Partnership, in turn, granted KRL a license to use the Keg Rights for a term of 99 years pursuant to a license and royalty agreement, which obligates KRL to make monthly royalty payments to the Partnership equal to 4% of gross sales of Keg restaurants included in a specific royalty pool. Keg GP Ltd is the managing general partner of the Partnership and administrator of the Fund. 	Keg Royalties Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	8100	
KMP.DB.B	nul	Killam Apartment REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
KEL	Kelt Exploration Ltd. is an oil and gas company. The Company is focused on the exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas resources, primarily in west central Alberta and northeastern British Columbia. Its assets include interests in petroleum, natural gas and related hydrocarbon rights and related personal property interests, including a liquids-rich gas property in the Inga area of northeastern British Columbia; a gas property in the Grande Cache area of Alberta, and an oil prospect in the Karr area of west central Alberta. It also owns petroleum and natural gas assets located at Stoddart, British Columbia and has majority interests in crude oil and natural gas assets located at Valhalla/La Glace in west central Alberta. The Company's activities include a drilling program in its core areas at Inga/Fireweed, Karr, La Glace and Pouce Coupe/Spirit River. It owns around 318,743 net acres of undeveloped land. The Company has drilled around 36 (27.1 net) wells. 	Kelt Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	36	October 11, 2012
KEY	Keyera Corp is a Canada-based company, which operates natural gas midstream businesses in the oil and gas sector. The Company operates through two business units, including Gathering and Processing business unit and Liquids business unit. The Gathering and Processing business unit owns and operates raw gas gathering pipelines and processing plants, which collect and process raw natural gas, remove waste products and separate the economic components before the sales gas is injected into long-distance pipeline systems. The Liquids business unit includes NGL infrastructure and marketing. Its NGL Infrastructure owns and operates a network of facilities for the processing, storage and transportation of the by-products of natural gas processing. In addition, NGL Infrastructure includes Keyera's iso-octane facilities (Alberta Envirofuels) and facilities for handling crude oil. It also markets a range of products associated with its two infrastructure business lines. 	Keyera Corp	Energy	Integrated Oil & Gas	985	February 23, 2010
KMP.DB.A	nul	Killam Apartment REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
KXS	Kinaxis Inc. is a Canada-based company, which provides a cloud-based subscription software. The Company offers a configurable application, RapidResponse, which provides supply chain planning and analytics capabilities that create the foundation for managing multiple, interconnected supply chain management and sales and operations planning (S&OP) processes. Its RapidResponse application is used in inventory management, order fulfillment, capacity planning and master scheduling, sales and operations planning, aggregate supply planning, demand planning, engineering change management, inventory planning and optimization, integrated project management, master production scheduling (MPS), order fulfillment, supplier collaboration and supply action management, among others. It provides training courses to the users to receive user adoption from their RapidResponse investment. It is focused on high technology and electronics manufacturing, consumer packaged goods and the automotive sectors. 	Kinaxis Inc	Technology	Software	257	June 3, 2014
KMP.UN	nul	Killam Apartment REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	479	
KPT	KP Tissue Inc is a Canada-based company, which was formed to acquire, and its business is limited to holding, a limited partnership interest in Kruger Products LP (KPLP). KPLP is a manufacturer of tissue products for household, industrial and commercial use. KPLP produces, distributes and sells a range of disposable tissue products that are grouped into three categories: bathroom tissue, facial tissue and paper towels, for both the consumer and the away-from-home (AFH) market. KPLP serves the Canadian consumer market with brands, such as Cashmere, Purex, SpongeTowels, Scotties and White Swan. In the United States, KPLP manufactures the White Cloud brand, as well as private label products. KPLP's consumer market consists of people who buy its brand name or private label products from retailers for home use. KPLP's away-from-home market consists of institutions that buy in bulk for facilities, such as restaurants, hotels, schools and office buildings. KPLP operates five mills. 	KP Tissue Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Products	2500	October 1, 2012
KFS.WT.V	nul	Kingsway Financial Services Inc	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	--	
KGI.DB	nul	Kirkland Lake Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
K	Kinross Gold Corporation is a senior gold mining company. The Company is engaged in gold mining and related activities, including exploration and acquisition of gold-bearing properties, the extraction and processing of gold-containing ore, and reclamation of gold mining properties. The Company's segments include Fort Knox, Round Mountain, Kettle River-Buckhorn, Kupol, Paracatu, Maricunga, Tasiast and Chirano. Its gold production and exploration activities are carried out principally in Canada, the United States, the Russian Federation, Brazil, Chile, Ghana and Mauritania. Its gold is produced in the form of dore, which is shipped to refineries for final processing. It also produces and sells silver. 	Kinross Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	9300	
KGI.DB.A	nul	Kirkland Lake Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
KFS	Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (Kingsway) is a holding company. Kingsway operates as a merchant bank primarily engaged, through its subsidiaries, in the property and casualty insurance business. The Company operates through two segments. The Insurance Underwriting segment provides non-standard automobile insurance to individuals who do not meet the criteria for coverage by standard automobile insurers. The Insurance Services segment includes the operations of its subsidiaries, such as IWS Acquisition Corporation (IWS) and Trinity Warranty Solutions LLC (Trinity). As of December 31, 2014, the Insurance Underwriting segment conducted business in 15 states of the United States. Its property and casualty insurance business operations are conducted primarily through its subsidiaries, such as Mendota Insurance Company, Mendakota Insurance Company, Universal Casualty Company, Kingsway Amigo Insurance Company and Kingsway Reinsurance Corporation. 	Kingsway Financial Services Inc	Financials	Insurance - Property & Casualty	546	September 19, 1989
GUD	KNIGHT THERAPEUTICS Inc is a Canada-based specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company's principal business activity is developing, acquiring, in-licensing, out-licensing, marketing and distributing pharmaceutical products in Canada and internationally. The Company has a portfolio of products in various stages of development for various geographies that include Impavido, ATryn, Photofrin, FOCUSfactor, NXN-1882 (nNOS/5HT), NXN-4622 (nNOS) and nNOS/iNOS2 Inhibitor. Impavido (miltefosine) is a product for the treatment of leishmaniasis and is approved in a number of countries. Photofrin is a product for the treatment of oesophageal cancer, endobronchial cancer, high-grade dysplasia in Barrett's oesophagus and papillary bladder cancer and is in approved stage. FOCUSfactor is a product for dietary supplement and is in approved stage. 	KNIGHT THERAPEUTICS Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	7	November 1, 2013
KGI	Kirkland Lake Gold Inc. is a Canada-based gold mining company. Kirkland Lake Gold is an operating and exploration gold Company in Kirkland Lake, Ontario which is located in the Lower Abitibi Greenstone belt in northeastern Ontario. The Company owns the five former high grade mines that produced 22 million ounces of gold at an average grade of 15.1 grams per ton. The Company's corporate goal is to create a profitable and long-lived intermediate gold mining company based in the Kirkland Lake Gold Camp. The Company has also been conducting a surface drilling program, testing mineralization from surface to 1,000 feet. The Companys report indicated 310,000 tons at a grade of 0.34 ounces per ton for 104,000 ounces in the Measured and Indicated category, and 131,000 tons at a grade of 0.36 ounces per ton for 48,000 ounces in the inferred category. 	Kirkland Lake Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	991	July 27, 1988
KDX	Klondex Mines Ltd. (Klondex) is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company focuses on gold and silver exploration, development and production in north central Nevada, from its two gold and silver projects: the Fire Creek project (Fire Creek) and the Midas mine and milling facility (Midas). Klondex owns and operates the Fire Creek Project in north central Nevada, a low-sulphidation, epithermal vein deposit in the Northern Nevada Rift. Fire Creek is located in Lander County near the center of the Battle Mountain gold belt in Crescent Valley, approximately 10 miles northwest of the Pipeline deposit of Barrick and five miles southeast of the Mule Canyon deposits of Newmont. Midas is a low-sulphidation, epithermal vein underground gold and silver mine located in Nevada between Elko and Reno. The milling facility has a capacity to mill around 1,200 tons per day (tpd). 	Klondex Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 25, 1971
CTU.A	Le Chateau Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of retail of fashion apparel, accessories and footwear. The Company is a specialty retailer and manufacturer of contemporary fashion apparel, accessories, and footwear. The Company's LE CHATEAU brand is sold through its 222 retail locations, of which 221 are located in Canada. In addition, the Company has five stores under license in the Middle East. The Company manufactures approximately 30% of its apparel in its production facilities located in Montreal. The Company offers tops, sweaters, cardigans, pants, skirts, among others, for women. It offers shirts, ties and suits, among others, for men. It offers handbags and jewelry, including necklaces, earrings, rings and hair accessories, among others. 	Le Chateau Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Apparel & Accessories	1387	April 5, 1987
LIF	Labrador Iron Ore Royalty Corporation (LIORC) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company owns interests in Iron Ore Company of Canada (IOC) that operates an iron mine near Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador on lands leased from LIORC. The Company through its wholly owned subsidiary, Hollinger-Hanna Limited, owns a 15.10% equity interest in IOC and receives a 7% gross overriding royalty on all iron ore products produced from the leased lands, sold and shipped by IOC and commissions on sales of iron ore by IOC. IOC is a Canada-based iron ore producer, operating a mine, concentrator and pellet plant at Labrador City, Newfoundland. 	Labrador Iron Ore Royalty Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	0	July 1, 2010
LSG.DB	nul	Lake Shore Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
LSG	Lake Shore Gold Corp. (Lake Shore Gold) is a Canada-based company engaged in the operation, exploration and development of three gold complexes located in the Timmins Gold Camp in Timmins, Ontario. The Company has exploration properties in Quebec. The Company is in commercial production at its Timmins West Mine and Bell Creek Mine. The Company operates through two segments: mining operations, and exploration and advanced exploration. The Mining operations include activities related to the Company's Timmins West Mine, Bell Creek Mine and Bell Creek Mill. The Exploration and advanced exploration include green field exploration. Lake Shore Gold owns 100% of the Timmins West Mine which includes the Timmins Deposit and Thunder Creek Deposit. The Company owns 100% of the Bell Creek Mine and Mill. 	Lake Shore Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	482	January 1, 2012
LRT.DB.G	nul	Lanesborough Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
LAM	Laramide Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of uranium assets based in Australia and the United States. The Company has a portfolio of uranium projects, including Westmoreland in Australia and two development-stage assets, La Sal and La Jara Mesa, in the United States. Within the portfolio, the Company has also joint ventures in Australia, strategic equity positions and a portfolio of uranium royalties in the Grants Mineral District of New Mexico, the United States. The Company also has investments in metals properties in Canada through its equity stake in Treasury Metals Inc. The Westmoreland Project is the Company's flagship uranium project, in which the Company has advanced through a series of drilling campaigns, updated resource assessments, environmental studies and metallurgical studies. 	Laramide Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	10	June 27, 1996
LRT.UN	Lanesborough Real Estate Investment Trust (LREIT) is an unincorporated closed-end real estate trust. The Company's core business activities include acquisition, development, financing, management and divestiture activities pertaining to real estate properties in Canada with a focus on multi-unit residential properties. The real estate portfolio of LREIT consists of 18 multi-family residential properties (the investment properties), one commercial property and one mixed residential/commercial property. The primary objective of LREIT is to maximize the income-producing potential and market value of its real estate portfolio. Its segments include Fort McMurray properties, which includes 13 multi-family properties in Fort McMurray; Other investment properties, which includes five other investment properties, and Held for sale and/or sold properties, which includes the operating results of Colony Square. 	Lanesborough Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	0	April 23, 2002
LB	Laurentian Bank of Canada is a banking institution whose activities extend across Canada. The Company has four segments, which are the retail and sme-quebec segment, the real estate and commercial segment, the b2b bank segment and Laurentian bank securities and capital markets segment. The retail segment provides savings, investment and financing products, and transactional products and services. The real estate segment provides real estate financing throughout Canada, commercial financing in Ontario and Quebec, as well as foreign exchange and international services. The B2B bank segment supplies banking and financial products to independent financial advisors across Canada. Laurentian bank securities and capital markets segment consists of the Laurentian Bank Securities Inc. subsidiary and the Companys capital market activities. 	Laurentian Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	3600	March 21, 1995
LFX	LeadFX Inc., formerly Ivernia Inc., is a Canada-based lead mining company. Through its subsidiary, Rosslyn Hill Mining Pty Ltd, the Company holds interests in the Paroo Station lead mine in Western Australia. The Company has discovered lead deposits on Magellan Hill, namely, the Magellan, Cano and Pinzon deposits. Mineralization in Paroo Station consists of sediment-hosted zones of secondary lead carbonate (cerrusite) and sulphate (anglesite). Paroo Station consists of an open pit and froth flotation processing plant, which produces a lead carbonate concentrate. The Company focuses on various properties located in Utah and Alaska in the United States. The Company intends to focus on various mining claims that hold prospective base and precious metal deposits, such as lead, silver, zinc, copper and gold. Geo Zone Exploration Ltd is another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that is engaged in mineral mining. 	LeadFX Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	140	July 23, 2008
LAS.A	Lassonde Industries Inc. develops, manufactures and markets a range of ready-to-drink fruit and vegetable juices and drinks. The Company develops, manufactures and markets specialty food products, such as fondue broths and sauces, packaged corn-on-the-cob and pasta sauces. It also imports selected wines from several countries of origin for packaging and marketing purposes. It also produces apple cider and cider-based beverages. The Company operates in two market segments: the retail segment and the food service segment. The retail segment consists of sales to food retailers and wholesalers, such as supermarket chains, independent grocers, superstores, warehouse clubs and pharmacy chains. The food service segment consists of sales to restaurants, hotels, hospitals, schools and wholesalers serving these institutions. The Company has five operating subsidiaries: A. Lassonde Inc., Apple & Eve, LLC, Arista Wines Inc., Clement Pappas and Company, Inc. (CPC) and Lassonde Specialties Inc. 	Lassonde Industries Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	2100	September 3, 1981
LB.PR.F	nul	Laurentian Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
LB.PR.H	nul	Laurentian Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
LNF	Leon's Furniture Limited is a Canada-based home furnishing retailer. The Company offers a range of home furnishings, appliances, electronics and mattress across Canada. The Company's retail banners include: Leon's, The Brick, The Brick Mattress Store, The Brick Clearance Centre, United Furniture Warehouse (UFW), The Brick's Midnorthern Appliance and Appliance Canada. The Company as a commercial retailer of appliances offers its products to builders, developers, hotels and property management companies. The Company has approximately 300 retail stores from coast to coast in Canada, which also includes over 100 franchise locations. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Murlee Holdings Limited, Leon Holdings (1967) Limited, Ablan Insurance Corporation, The Brick Ltd., The Brick Warehouse LP, United Furniture Warehouse LP, First Oceans Trading Corporation and Trans Global Warranty Corp. 	Leon's Furniture Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	8422	February 28, 1969
LVN	Levon Resources Ltd, formerly 1027949 BC Ltd, is a Canada-based exploration stage public company that operates in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. Levon Resources Ltd is a gold and precious metals exploration company, exploring its 100% owned Cordero bulk tonnage silver, gold, zinc, and leading project near Hidalgo Del Parral, Chihuahua, Mexico. The Companys activities are conducted on the Cordero-Sanson Property (Cordero Project), which is located 35 km northeast of the town of Hidalgo Del Parral, in the southern part of the state of Chihuahua in north central Mexico. The Companys subsidiaries include Valley High Ventures Ltd, Citrine Investment Holdings Limited, Minera Titan SA de CV, Aphrodite Asset Holdings Ltd., Turney Assets Limited, Minera El Camino SA de CV and Administracion de Projectos Levon en Mexico SA de CV. 	Levon Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	February 18, 2015
LNF.DB	nul	Leon's Furniture Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	--	
LBS.PR.A	nul	Life & Banc Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
LBS	Life & Banc Split Corp. (the Fund) is a mutual fund company. The Funds' investment objectives are to provide holders of preferred shares with fixed cumulative preferential quarterly cash distributions, and to provide holders of Class A Shares with regular monthly cash distributions. The Fund's investment portfolio includes six Canadian banks and the four Canadian life insurance companies, namely Bank of Montreal, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, Great-West Lifeco Inc., Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc., Manulife Financial Corporation and Sun Life Financial Inc. The Fund is managed by Brompton Funds Limited 	Life & Banc Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	September 6, 2006
LEX	Lexam VG Gold Inc., formerly Lexam Explorations Inc., is engaged in the exploration of gold in the Timmins area of northern Ontario, Canada. Lexam has projects in the Timmins area of northern Ontario, Canada. The Companys Core projects are four properties with developed gold deposits, located in the heart of Timmins Gold Camp namely: Buffalo Ankerite with 100% interest, Fuller with 100% interest, Davidson Tisdale with 68.5% interest and Paymaster with 60% interest. In addition to mineral resources adequate to economic extraction by open pit mining, the Company's underground resources add to the economic potential in an area with a long history of profitable production from underground mining. Lexam VG Gold's exploration programs are focused on the expansion of gold mineralization and the increase of the resource base with the objective of identifying economic gold deposits on its projects. The Company also remains open to Merger and Acquisition opportunities. 	Lexam VG Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	January 1, 2011
L	Loblaw Companies Limited (Loblaw) is a Canada-based holding company. The Company through its subsidiaries provides grocery, pharmacy, health and beauty, apparel, general merchandise, and financial products and services. The Company operates through three segments: Retail, Financial Services and Choice Properties. The Retail segment consists of retail food and associate-owned drug stores, and also includes in-store pharmacies and other health and beauty products, gas bars and apparel and other general merchandise. The Financial Services segment provides credit card services, loyalty programs, insurance brokerage services, personal banking services, deposit taking services and telecommunication services. The Choice Properties segment owns and leases income-producing commercial properties. Its subsidiaries include Loblaws Inc., Shoppers Drug Mart Corporation, President's Choice Bank, Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust and Choice Properties Limited Partnership. 	Loblaw Companies Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	196000	May 7, 1980
LTS	Lightstream Resources Ltd., formerly PetroBakken Energy Ltd., is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is a light oil-focused exploration and production company. The Companys operating areas include southeastern Saskatchewan where it targets the Bakken formation and conventional Mississippian reservoirs, central Alberta, where the Company is focused on the Cardium formation, and north-central Alberta, where it targets the Swan Hills formation and is also engaged in exploring for light oil resource plays. The Companys gas projects are present at Horn River, where as the oil projects are present at swan hills, cardium and se Saskatchewan. The Companys subsidiaries include Lightstream Resources Partnership, Lightstream Capital Ltd, Southside Petroleum Ltd. and Southside Oil & Gas Ltd. 	Lightstream Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	December 31, 2012
LNR	Linamar Corporation is a Canada-based diversified manufacturing company of engineered products powering vehicles, motion, work and lives. The Company operates through two segments: the Powertrain/Driveline segment and the Industrial segment. The segments are further divided into three operating groups: Machining & Assembly, Forging, and Skyjack. The Company's Machining & Assembly and Forging operating groups focus on precision metallic components, modules and systems for engine, transmission and driveline systems designed for vehicle and industrial markets. The Company's Skyjack operating group is noted for its mobile industrial equipment, notably its aerial work platforms and tele handlers. In addition, the Company designs and manufactures aluminum components for the automotive industry, through its subsidiary Montupet SA. 	Linamar Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	23000	1966
LIQ.DB.A	nul	Liquor Stores NA Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
L.PR.B	nul	Loblaw Companies Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	--	
LIQ	Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in retailing of wines, beers and spirits. The Company operates through two segments: Canadian Operations and US Operations. As of December 31, 2014, it operated 243 retail liquor stores, of which 172 were in Alberta, 35 were in British Columbia, 23 were in Alaska and 13 were in Kentucky. Of the stores operated, 199 were acquired and 44 were developed by the Company. Its brands include Liquor Depot, Liquor Barn and Wine and Beyond in Alberta; Liquor Depot, Liquor Barn, and Wine Cellar in British Columbia; Brown Jug in Alaska, and Liquor Barn, The Ultimate Party Source and Liquor Barn Express in Kentucky. Its stores in Canada range in size from 2,000 to 5,000 square feet. Its stores in Alaska range in size from 1,400 to 14,000 square feet and it has one combined store and warehouse in excess of 40,000 square feet. Its Kentucky stores range in size from 2,700 to 30,000 square feet along with a store of 44,000 square feet. 	Liquor Stores NA Ltd	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	2500	November 8, 2010
LII	Logan International Inc. manufactures and sells a line of fishing and intervention tools through its subsidiaries. The Company, through Logan Oil Tools, Inc., offers retrieving, stroking and remedial tools and power swivel equipment. It operates in two segments: downhole tool and rental tool. Xtend Energy Services Inc. and Logan Jar, LLC are included in its rental tool segment. Other than Xtend Energy Services Inc. and Logan Jar, LLC, all of its subsidiaries are included in the downhole tool segment. It rents tools for horizontal drilling through Xtend Energy Services Inc. and rents drilling jars through Logan Jar, LLC. It designs, manufactures and repairs polycrystalline diamond compact cutters and bearings. It also provides products, services and technologies for production in sand-laden oil wells. It provides multi-zonal completion technology and conventional completion products and services. In addition, the Company designs, develops, manufactures and sells completion products. 	Logan International Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	672	April 7, 1993
PFD.U	nul	Limited Duration Investment Grade Preferred Securities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
LGT.B	Logistec Corporation is a Canada-based company, which is a marine and environmental services provider in the areas of bulk, break-bulk and container cargo handling in over 30 ports in eastern North America. The Company offers marine transportation services to the Arctic coastal trade, short-line rail transportation services, as well as marine agency services to foreign ship owners and operators serving the Canadian market. The Company operates in the environmental sector, where it provides services to industrial, municipal and other governmental customers for the trenchless structural rehabilitation of underground water mains, regulated materials management, site remediation, risk assessment, and woven-hose manufacturing. Its services include warehousing and distribution, stuffing and destuffing of containers, drayage, transportation, stevedoring and passenger services. The Company handles various cargo types throughout its facilities, such as general cargo, bulk and containers. 	Logistec Corp	Industrials	Marine Port Services	1474	September 20, 1994
LGT.A	Logistec Corporation is a Canada-based company, which is a marine and environmental services provider in the areas of bulk, break-bulk and container cargo handling in over 30 ports in eastern North America. The Company offers marine transportation services to the Arctic coastal trade, short-line rail transportation services, as well as marine agency services to foreign ship owners and operators serving the Canadian market. The Company operates in the environmental sector, where it provides services to industrial, municipal and other governmental customers for the trenchless structural rehabilitation of underground water mains, regulated materials management, site remediation, risk assessment, and woven-hose manufacturing. Its services include warehousing and distribution, stuffing and destuffing of containers, drayage, transportation, stevedoring and passenger services. The Company handles various cargo types throughout its facilities, such as general cargo, bulk and containers. 	Logistec Corp	Industrials	Marine Port Services	1474	September 20, 1994
PFD.UN	Limited Duration Investment Grade Preferred Securities Fund (Fund) is a Canada-based investment company. The Fund's investment objectives are to seek and achieve the investment objectives, such as to provide holders of Units with a stream of monthly distributions; to preserve the net asset value per unit, and to reduce the risk of rising interest rates by managing portfolio duration. The Fund's solutions include Traditional Funds, Alternative Funds, Balanced Funds and closed-end funds. The portfolio includes the United States dollar denominated securities. Purpose Investments Inc. (Purpose) is the manager and trustee of the Fund. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC acts as the investment advisor to the Fund. 	Limited Duration Investment Grade Preferred Securities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 27, 2013
LN	Loncor Resources Inc. is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company's primary areas of exploration are in the Orientale and North Kivu provinces of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) where the Company holds or controls rights under 62 exploration permits (PR's). At the Ngayu Project in Orientale Province, the Company, through its DRC subsidiary, has 13 PR's totaling around 2,077 square kilometers, while at the North Kivu Project the Company has 49 PR's covering an area of approximately 13,210 square kilometers. The Ngayu project is found within the Orientale Province in the northeast of the DRC, approximately 270 kilometers northeast of Kisangani. The Ngayu project includes various exploration prospects, such as Makapela, Yindi, Itali, Mondarabe, Nagasa, Matete and Anguluku. The North Kivu project is situated in the North Kivu Province in eastern DRC to the northwest of Lake Edward. 	Loncor Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	22	March 2, 2004
LRE	Long Run Exploration Ltd. (Long Run) is a Canada-based intermediate oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in development, exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. Long Run's principal properties include the Peace River area in Northwest Alberta, located in Townships 69 to 89 and Ranges 17W5M to 12W6M; the Deep Basin; the Redwater area in East Central Alberta, located in Townships 26 to 60 and Ranges 2W4M to 9W5M; the Boyer area in Northwest Alberta, located in Townships 100 to 109 and Ranges 20W5M to 5W6M, and the Kaybob area in West Central Alberta, located in Townships 60 to 66 and Ranges 19W5M to 22W5M. The Company's Deep Basin assets in West Central Alberta include the Pine Creek Area located in Townships 50 to 56 and Ranges 15W5M to 19W5M, the Kakwa area located in Townships 57 to 65 and Ranges 1W6M to 7W6M, and the Wapiti area located in Townships 65 to 70 and Ranges 7W6M to 12W6M. 	Long Run Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	70	August 7, 2014
LRE.DB	nul	Long Run Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
LVU.UN	Low Volatility U.S. Equity Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to maximize risk adjusted returns for unitholders and to pay unitholders monthly distributions in an amount targeted to be 5% per annum on the net asset value (NAV) per unit. The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objectives by investing in a conservative portfolio consisting principally of capitalization equity securities selected from the S&P 100 Index, with a beta of less than 1.0., combined with selective covered call option writing designed to enhance portfolio income and mitigate downside risk. Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. is the manager and investment manager of the Fund. 	Low Volatility U.S. Equity Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 26, 2013
LOW.UN	Low Volatility Canadian Equities Income Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment Fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with stable monthly distributions; the opportunity for capital appreciation and an investment in a portfolio of Canadian equity securities that exhibit low volatility of returns. The Fund was created to invest in an equally-weighted portfolio consisted of the 30 equity securities which have the lowest volatility of those securities included in the Toronto Stock Exchange (S&P/TSX) Composite Index that have a minimum specified current yield at the time of investment. The Manager writes covered call options from time to time on up to 25% of the portfolio in order to seek to earn income from option premiums to supplement the dividends and distributions generated by the portfolio and to further decrease the overall volatility of returns associated with the portfolio securities. The Fund's investment Manager is Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. 	Low Volatility Canadian Equities Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
LUC	Lucara Diamond Corp. is a Canada-based diamond mining company. The Company focuses in Africa. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of diamond properties. Its operating projects include Mothae Diamond Project, which is located in northeast Lesotho and has a mining license of approximately 20 square kimometers, and Karowe, which is a Plant Optimization Project with a mining license of approximately 15.3 square kilometers in Botswana. Mothae Diamond Project is a hard rock and an open Pit. Mothae Diamond Project has a resource of approximately 2.39 million tons (MT) @ 3.0 carats per hundred tons (CPHT) containing approximately 0.07 million carats Inferred resource of 36.57 mt @ 2.7 cpht containing approximately 1.0 million carats. Karowe Mine is a hard rock and an open pit, which have reserves to a depth of 324 meters of 33.1 million tons containing approximately 5.1 million carats. 	Lucara Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	August 12, 2004
LMP	Lumenpulse Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the design, development, assembly and sale of lighting products. The Company operates in two segments: Lumenpulse LED products (LP) and other manufacturers' products (OMP). The Company's LP products consist of light-emitting diode (LED) lighting solutions. The Company designs, manufactures and sells lighting fixtures and solutions for indoor and outdoor applications with its focus on the commercial, institutional and urban environment markets. The Company's OMP segment consists of products designed and manufactured by manufacturers other than the Company and can include both LED and traditional lighting fixtures. The Company develops its solutions by combining configurable LED fixtures with its control systems and patented control, binning, dimming and thermal management technologies. The Company's subsidiaries include Lumenpulse Lighting Inc., Luxtec Lighting Group Inc. and Lumenpulse UK Limited, among others. 	Lumenpulse Inc	Industrials	Electrical Components & Equipment	451	July 1, 2011
LUN	Lundin Mining Corporation is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in mining, exploration and development of mineral properties, such as base metals, primarily in Chile, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, the United States and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The Companys wholly owned operating assets include the Neves-Corvo copper/zinc mine located in Portugal, the Zinkgruvan zinc/lead mine located in Sweden, the Aguablanca nickel/copper mine located in Spain and the Eagle nickel/copper mine located in the United States. The Company also holds 80% interest in the Candelaria and Ojos del Salado copper/gold mining complex located in Chile, and 24% equity accounted interests in the Tenke Fungurume copper/cobalt mine located in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and the Freeport Cobalt Oy business, which includes a cobalt refinery located in Kokkola, Finland. 	Lundin Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	10	July 31, 2007
LGC	Luna Gold Corp. is engaged in the business of operating, exploring and developing gold properties. The Company has one producing gold mine, brownfield exploration projects and greenfield exploration projects located in northeast Brazil. The Company's main focus is the Aurizona gold mining operation (Aurizona Project) located in the state of Maranhao, northeast Brazil. The Aurizona Project consists of an open pit mine and gold processing plant. The Aurizona Project includes the Piaba, Boa Esperanca, Ferradura and Conceicao gold deposits and near-mine gold exploration targets. The Luna greenfields exploration properties are located to the southwest and southeast of Aurizona Project and contain multiple shear zones and around 100 artisanal gold workings (garimpos). The properties consists of around 24 exploration licenses, in various stages of exploration, totaling approximately 190,000 hectares, and are located within the Sao Luis Craton in the southeast part of the Guyana shield. 	Luna Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	November 24, 2005
LUG	Lundin Gold Inc. (Lundin Gold), formerly Fortress Minerals Corp., is a Canada-based mining company. The Company owns the Fruta del Norte Project located in southeast Ecuador, which is an undeveloped gold project. The Fruta del Norte Project is located in the Cordillera del Condor region of Zamora, Chinchipe province, southeastern Ecuador. The Fruta del Norte Project consists of 36 mining concessions, which cover an area of approximately 86,000 hectares located in southeastern Ecuador, in the Province of Zamora and in Morona Santiago province. The Company's subsidiaries include Aurelian Resources Inc., Aurelian Resources Corporation Ltd., Aurelian Ecuador S.A. and Ecoaurelian Agricola S.A. Aurelian Ecuador S.A. holds the concessions underlying the Fruta del Norte Project. 	Lundin Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 31, 2002
LYD	Lydian International Limited is a gold-focused mineral development company. The Company is focused on precious and base metal assets located in Armenia and Georgia under exploration licenses granted by local authorities. The Company's main project is the Amulsar Gold Project, a gold development-stage project located in the Republic of Armenia. The Amulsar project covers a region of epithermal-type gold mineralization located in Southern Armenia. Amulsar hosts a global gold resource of 1.8Moz gold at 1.1 g/t in measured, 0.6Moz Gold at 1.0 g/t in indicated and 1.7Moz gold at 0.8 g/t in inferred at a 0.3 g/t gold cut-off. In addition, the Company holds a combined exploration-mining license covering a gold prospect known as the Kela Project in the Guri region of the Ozurgeti province in Georgia. 	Lydian International Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	39	December 12, 2007
PR	nul	Lysander Slater Active ETF			--	
XMF.A	nul	M Split Corp			--	
XMF.PR.C	nul	M Split Corp			--	
XMF.PR.B	nul	M Split Corp			--	
MAG	MAG Silver Corp. is a Canada-based mineral exploration and predevelopment company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of projects located within the Mexican silver belt. Its projects include Juanicipio Property, which includes three silver (gold, lead and zinc) veins: the East and West Valdecanas Veins, and the Juanicipio Vein; Salamandra Property, which covers 14,719 hectares, and is located in the city of Durango in the El Guadiana valley in Durango State; Cinco de Mayo Property, which is a 25,000-hectare project owned 100% by the Company. Cinco de Mayo is located approximately 190 kilometers north of the city of Chihuahua in northern Chihuahua State, Mexico; Salamandra Property, which is located in Durango State, Mexico; and Guigui Property, which is a 4,500-hectare property located in the Santa Eulalia Mining District of Chihuahua Mexico, and Don Fippi (Batopilas) Property, which is located in the Batopilas, Chihuahua district of Mexico. 	MAG Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	8	April 21, 1999
MKZ.UN	Mackenzie Master Limited Partnership (the Master LP) is a Canada-based company. The Master LP was formed by the consolidation of eight Mackenzie Financial Corporation retail limited partnerships: Industrial Horizon Partnerships 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1992-II, 1993 and Mackenzie Limited Partnership 1994. The general partner of Master LP is MMLP GP Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Mackenzie Financial Corporation. 	Mackenzie Master LP	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	February 15, 1995
MCZ	Mad Catz Interactive, Inc. designs, manufactures (primarily through third parties in Asia), markets and distributes interactive entertainment products. The Company markets its products under its Mad Catz (gaming), Tritton (audio), and Saitek (simulation) brands. Its products primarily include headsets, mice, keyboards, controllers, specialty controllers, and other accessories, which cater to gamers across multiple platforms, including in-home gaming consoles, handheld gaming consoles, personal computers (PCs) and Mac computers, smart phones, tablets and other mobile devices. The Company distributes its products through its online store, as well as through various retailers around the globe. The Company has operations in Europe and Asia. Its GameSmart branded line of products include gaming controllers; input devices, consisting primarily of mice and keyboards; audio products, consisting primarily of headsets; and its M.O.J.O micro console. 	Mad Catz Interactive Inc			227	August 25, 1993
MQA.UN	nul	Macquarie Emerging Markets Infrastructure Income Fund			--	
MQI.UN	Macquarie Global Infrastructure Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to generate quarterly distributions for holders of Units (the Unitholders) initially targeted to be $0.15 per Unit ($0.60 per annum representing an annual cash distribution of 6% based on the $10 per Unit issue price); maximize total return for Unitholders, consisting of distributions and capital appreciation, and preserve capital. The Fund invested in a portfolio (the Portfolio) consisting of infrastructure equity securities issued by entities domiciled in global markets. Aston Hill Capital Market Inc. is the manager of the Fund. Macquarie Capital Investment Management LLC is the Portfolio manager of the Fund. 	Macquarie Global Infrastructure Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 27, 2013
MDA	MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. (MDA) is a global communications and information company. The Company provides operational solutions to commercial and Government organizations across the world. MDA operates through two segments: Communications segment, which offers space-based solutions for a range of services, including television and radio distribution, broadband Internet and mobile communications. MDA is a supplier of communication satellites, satellite antenna subsystems, and associated ground infrastructure and support services, and Surveillance and Intelligence segment, which offers end-to-end solutions to support the operational needs of Government agencies, both military and civilian, and commercial customers. MDA is a supplier of space-based and airborne surveillance solutions, imaging satellite ground systems, geospatial information services, and associated support services. It also supplies robotic systems for the space and terrestrial markets. 	MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	4800	January 1, 2011
MPC	Madison Pacific Properties Inc. (Madison) is a real estate company. It owns, develops and operates industrial and commercial real estate properties located in British Columbia. Its portfolio consisted of interests in 1,326,191 square feet of net rentable area of industrial properties, 180,973 square feet of net rentable area of office property for a combined total of 1,626,173 square feet. The Company acquired 91,449 square feet located at 7708 80th street in Delta, British Columbia; 87,397 square feet industrial property at 1599/1607 Derwent way in British Columbia; 50% interest in 1122 Mainland Street in Vancouver, and 50% interest in 21771 Fraserwood Way In Richmond. 	Madison Pacific Properties Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	0	February 26, 1990
MG	Magna International Inc. (Magna) is an automotive supplier with approximately 313 manufacturing operations and over 84 product development, engineering and sales centers in approximately 28 countries. Its product capabilities include producing body, chassis, interior, exterior, seating, powertrain, electronic, vision, closure and roof systems and modules, as well as vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing. Its customers include General Motors, Fiat-Chrysler, Ford, BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen. Its offers programs, which include Ford Transit; MINI Countryman; Ford F-Series and F-Series Super Duty; QOROS 3; Ford Mustang; BMW X6; Mercedes-Benz M-Class; BMW X4 and Porsche Panamera. The Company operates in North America, Europe and Asia. 	Magna International Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	129000	November 16, 1961
MPC.C	nul	Madison Pacific Properties Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
MAL	Magellan Aerospace Corporation is a supplier of components to the aerospace industry and in certain applications for power generation projects. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, it engineers and manufactures aeroengine and aero structure components for aerospace markets, including advanced products for defense and space markets and complementary specialty products. It operates in two segments: Aerospace and Power Generation Project. It supplies both the commercial and defense sectors of the Aerospace segment. In the commercial sector, it serves in commercial jet, business jet and helicopter markets. Within the Aerospace segment, it has two product groupings: aerostructures and aeroengines, which are used in new aircraft and for spares and replacement parts. It performs repair and overhaul services for jet engines. The Power Generation Project segment is a specialty product complementary. Its product for the Power Generation Project segment is an electric power generation project. 	Magellan Aerospace Corp	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	3500	February 15, 1996
MEQ	Mainstreet Equity Corp. is a Canada-based real estate company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, redevelopment, repositioning and management of mid-market rental apartment buildings in four Canadian markets: Vancouver/Lower Mainland, Calgary, Edmonton and Saskatoon. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Mainstreet Equity USA Corp. 	Mainstreet Equity Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	206	
MDI	Major Drilling Group International Inc. is a drilling service company primarily serving the mining industry. The Company is engaged in contract drilling for companies primarily involved in mining and mineral exploration. The Company has operations in Canada, the United States, South and Central America, Australia, Asia and Africa. It provides types of drilling services, including surface and underground coring, directional, reverse circulation, sonic, geotechnical, environmental, water-well, and coal-bed methane and shallow gas. 	Major Drilling Group International Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3100	October 31, 1994
MND	Mandalay Resources Corporation (Mandalay) is a Canada-based mining company, engaged in the business of acquiring, discovering, developing and producing mineral commodities. The Company's focus is on gold, silver and antimony in Australia, Chile, and Sweden. The Company's producing assets are its Costerfield gold-antimony mine in Victoria, Australia; its Cerro Bayo silver-gold mine in Patagonia, Chile, and its Bjorkdal gold mine in northern Sweden. The Company has completed a feasibility study on its Challacollo silver-gold project near Iquique, Chile. The Company conducts exploration on near mine and district targets at its operating and feasibility-stage projects. Mandalay operates the 100%-owned Costerfield gold-antimony mine in Victoria, Australia. The Cerro Bayo is a 100%-owned Ag-Au mine located in the Aysen Province of southern Chile. The Bjorkdal is a 100% owned gold mine located in northern Sweden. 	Mandalay Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	659	January 29, 1997
MBT	Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. is a Canada-based national communications provider. The Company operates in two segments: MTS and Allstream. The Company's MTS segment is a telecommunications provider for residential and business customers in Manitoba. Its MTS segment operates wireless networks delivering coverage in Manitoba with its 4G, (Long-Term Evolution (LTE) and Evolved High Speed Packet Access (HSPA+)), code-division multiple access (CDMA) and Wireless Fidelity (Wi-Fi) networks. Its MTS segment offers a range of wireless, high-speed Internet, Internet Protocol television (IPTV), wireline voice and home security services. MTS also provides business solutions, including information solutions and business telecommunications services. Its Allstream segment offers a range of telecommunications solutions to small, medium and large businesses and government organizations. 	Manitoba Telecom Services Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	2803	April 5, 2000
MFC.PR.C	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC	Manulife Financial Corp is a Canada-based financial services and life insurance company. The Company offers financial protection and wealth management products and services. It caters to personal and business clients. It also provides asset management services to institutional customers. Its operating segments are Asia, Canadian and U.S. Divisions, and the Corporate and Other segment. Its Asia, Canadian and U.S. Divisions segment offers protection and wealth management services, such as life insurance and individual group long-term care insurance, annuities, pension contracts and mutual fund products and services, retirement products, and deposit and credit products to Canadian customers, among others. The Company's Corporate and Other segment consists of investment performance on assets backing capital, net of amounts allocated to operating division and financing costs, external asset management business, and property and casualty (P&C) reinsurance business, among others. 	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	24819	April 26, 1999
MFC.PR.B	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.J	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.H	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.F	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.I	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.K	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.L	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.G	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.M	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.N	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFC.PR.O	nul	Manulife Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
MFR.UN	Manulife Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Units (the Unitholders) with monthly distributions; to preserve capital, and to provide the opportunity for increased income if short-term interest rates rise. The Fund invests in an actively managed portfolio consisting of investments in senior floating rate loans and short duration debt securities. The Fund is managed by Manulife Asset Management Limited. 	Manulife Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 26, 2013
MBK.UN	Manulife U.S. Regional Bank Trust (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to maximize total return through capital appreciation and distributions and to provide holders of Units (the Unitholders) with monthly distributions. The Fund invests in an actively managed portfolio consisting of securities of the United States regional banks and lending companies, including commercial banks and industrial banks, savings and loan associations, and bank and financial holding companies (regional banks). The Fund is managed by Manulife Asset Management Limited. 	Manulife U.S. Regional Bank Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 25, 2014
MFI	Maple Leaf Foods Inc. is a Canada-based consumer protein company. The Company's brands include Maple Leaf, Maple Leaf Prime, Maple Leaf Natural Selections, Schneiders, Schneiders Country Naturals and Mina. It operates through two segments: Meat Products Group and Agribusiness Group. The Meat Products Group includes value-added prepared meats, lunch kits and snacks, and fresh pork and poultry products. The Agribusiness Group includes Canadian hog production operations that primarily supply the Meat Products Group with livestock, as well as toll feed sales. The Company's Meat Products Group and Agribusiness Group comprise the Protein Group. The Company's portfolio includes prepared meats, ready-to-cook and ready-to-serve meals and valued-added fresh pork and poultry. 	Maple Leaf Foods Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	11500	January 1, 2010
MOZ	Marathon Gold Corporation (Marathon) is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties located in North America. The Company's projects include Valentine Lake gold property, Golden Chest gold property (Golden Chest), Bonanza Mine and Gold Reef property. It owns 100% interest in Valentine Lake gold property, which is located in west central Newfoundland. The Valentine Lake gold property includes four zones with mineral resources, the Leprechaun, Marathon, Sprite and Victory Deposits. The Golden Chest gold property consists of patented and unpatented mining claims covering a total of approximately 515 hectares located near Murray, Idaho, the United States. Golden Chest is owned by Golden Chest LLC (GCLLC), a company in which Marathon holds around 52.22% interest. It owns a 100% interest in the Bonanza Mine, which is located in Oregon, the United States. The Gold Reef property is an exploration property located near Stewart, British Columbia. 	Marathon Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	December 3, 2009
MIF.UN	Marquest Canadian Equity Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to provide unitholders with monthly distributions and the opportunity for long-term capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objectives by investing in a diversified portfolio of the securities comprising the S&P/TSX Equity Income Index in approximately the same weightings as in the Index and may sell covered call options on the portfolio securities from time to time in order to enhance returns and lower the overall volatility of the portfolio. The Index is market capitalization weighs and consists of around 50 to 75 of the securities selected from the S&P/TSX Composite Index with each constituent being capped at 5% of the Index and each Global Industrial Classification Standard sector being capped at 30% of the Index. The Fund is managed by Marquest Asset Management Inc. 	Marquest Canadian Equity Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 28, 2011
MBC	MBAC Fertilizer Corp. (MBAC) is a Canada-based producer of phosphate fertilizers and related products, focused on supplying the Brazilian market. The Company's key asset is its Itafos Arraias Single Super Phosphate (SSP) Operations, wholly owned by the Company's subsidiary, Itafos Mineracao Ltda. (Itafos). MBAC also owns two additional projects, which include the Santana phosphate project in Para State, Brazil (the Santana Project) and the Araxa rare earth oxide-phosphate-niobium project in Minas Gerais State, Brazil (the Araxa Project), both development-stage projects. The Company has an option to purchase 100% of the Araxa Project, a phosphate project located in the Municipality of Araxa in the southern part of Minas Gerais State, Brazil. The Company's Araxa Project consists of four tenements covering approximately 214 hectares of a carbonatite and also contains rare earth elements (REE) and niobium mineralization. 	MBAC Fertilizer Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	57	December 24, 2009
MBC.WT	nul	MBAC Fertilizer Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	
MIG.UN	nul	Marret Investment Grade Bond Fund			--	
MMF.UN	nul	Marret Multi-Strategy Income Fund			--	
MHY.UN	nul	Marret High Yield Strategies Fund			--	
MMT	Mart Resources, Inc. (Mart) is an independent international upstream oil and gas company. The Company's principal business activities consist of the exploration, acquisition, development and production of oil and gas in the Federal Republic of Nigeria. It is focused on building a portfolio of exploration, appraisal and production assets in Nigeria through participating in joint ventures with Nigerian companies under the Nigerian Marginal Field Development Program. Mart is developing and producing oil from the Umusadege field along with its Nigerian Coventurers, Midwestern and SunTrust. The Umusadege field is a multiple-horizon onshore hydrocarbon reservoir situated within the Umusadege farmout area. The Companies subsidiaries include Mart Umusadege Resources Nigeria Limited, Mart Pipeline Transportation Co. Ltd and Martwestern Energy Limited. 	Mart Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 7, 1994
MAR	Marret Resource Corp. is focused on natural resource lending. The Company is engaged in investing in public and private debt securities of, and making term loans, including bridge and mezzanine debt to, issuers in a range of natural resource sectors, including energy, base and precious metals and other commodities, and issuers involved in exploration and development, and may also include financing other resource-related businesses and investing in public and private equity and quasi-equity securities. It seeks to generate income primarily from its lending activities, while taking advantage of additional upside through equity participation in the companies to which it lends money. Its investment objective is to achieve income and potential capital gains, with an attractive risk-adjusted return and moderate volatility. Marret Asset Management Inc. serves as the manager. 	Marret Resource Corp	Financials	Financials - Specialty	11	August 1, 2008
MWE	Mawson West Limited (Mawson West) is a Canada-based copper producer, developer and explorer. Mawson West's principal asset is its ownership of the tenements in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The tenements cover a land package of approximately 7,300 square kilometers and include the Company's two main projects, the Dikulushi copper-silver mine (Dikulushi Mine) and the Kapulo copper exploration and development project (Kapulo Project), as well as various exploration targets. Dikulushi Mine is located in Katanga Province in the south eastern corner of the DRC, approximately 50 kilometers north-northwest of Kilwa and situated on the western side of Lake Mweru. The Kapulo Property consists of six exploration permits and one exploitation permit covering a combined total of around 2,789 square kilometers. The Kapulo Project is located approximately 15 kilometers from the Zambian border in Katanga Province in the south eastern corner of the DRC. 	Mawson West Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1123	February 12, 1996
MRE	Martinrea International Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the production and development of metal parts, assemblies and modules, fluid management systems and complex aluminum products. The Company is focused primarily on the automotive sector. Its product offerings include suspension and chassis metal components, body and structure metal components, aluminum components, chassis modules, fluid & air handling systems and fabricated assemblies. The Company has around 44 operating divisions in Canada, the United States, Mexico, Brazil, Germany, Slovakia, Spain and China. The Company operates in North America, Europe and Rest of the World segments. Its subsidiary Martinrea Honsel develops and manufactures complex aluminum products, including high pressure die-casting, permanent mold and sand casting, as well as extruding and rolling. 	Martinrea International Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	14000	May 1, 1998
MAW	Mawson Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of unproven mineral interests. It has precious metal interests in the Nordic countries. It is focused on the Rompas-Rajapalot gold and uranium project in Finland. The Rompas-Rajapalot gold and uranium project includes two target areas. Primary target is the disseminated gold mineralization at Rajapalot and secondary target is the Rompas vein-style target area. The Rajapalot Disseminated Gold project has Palokas, Joki and Rumajarvi prospects. The Rompas vein-style mineralization includes amphibolite facies metamorphosed basalts, clastic sediments, carbonate rocks and reduced shales of the Paleoproterozoic Perapohja Schist Belt. It holds around five exploration claims covering over 16,240 hectares in Sweden. Its claims in Sweden include the projects areas: Klappibacken, Lilljuthatten, Nojdfjallet, Bjorkramyran, Skuppesavon, Pleutajokk and Kvarnan. 	Mawson Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	9	March 10, 2004
MXG	Maxim Power Corp. (MAXIM) is an independent power producer (IPP) engaged in the acquisition and development, ownership and operation of power generation facilities and the resultant sale of generating capacity, electricity and thermal energy. MAXIM has around 39 power plants with approximately 776 megawatts (MW) of electric and 101 MW of thermal net generating capacity operating in Canada, the United States and France. The Company operates through three segments: Canada, United States and France. The Canada segment consists of H.R. Milner generating facility (Milner) and Gold Creek facility (GoldCreek), which has a combined net generating capacity of approximately 156 MW. United States segment owns around five natural gas-fired facilities with a combined net generating capacity of approximately 446 MW. The France segment consists of around 32 natural gas-fired facilities with a combined net generating capacity of approximately 174 MW of electrical and 101 MW of thermal. 	Maxim Power Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	119	July 9, 1993
MBN	MBN Corporation (MBN) is a Canada-based company that invests in the securities of issuers operating in the Canadian oil and gas, mining and uranium sectors. The company's principal objective is to create long-term value through a dual track strategy of: growing MBN's assets under management through mergers with other investment funds and pursuing opportunities with the financial services sector to acquire investment management companies and establish such companies working with proven investment managers. MBN is managed by Middlefield Limited, which is a member of the Middlefield Group. 	MBN Corporation	Financials	Investment Services	--	June 1, 2007
MKP	MCAN Mortgage Corporation is a Canada-based loan company and mortgage investment corporation. The Company invests its corporate funds in a portfolio of mortgages (including single family residential, residential construction, non-residential construction and commercial loans), as well as other types of financial investments, loans and real estate investments. The Company also participates in the market mortgage-backed securities (MBS) program, the Canada Mortgage Bonds (CMB) program and other securitizations of insured mortgages. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary Xceed Mortgage Corporation focuses on the origination and sale to the Company and third party mortgage aggregators of residential first-charge mortgage products across Canada. 	MCAN Mortgage Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	64	January 11, 1991
MEG	MEG Energy Corp. (MEG) is an oil sands company. The Company is focused on sustainable in situ oil sands development and production in the southern Athabasca oil sands region of Alberta, Canada. MEG is developing enhanced oil recovery projects that utilize steamassisted gravity drainage (SAGD) extraction methods. The Company has two commercial SAGD projects: the Christina Lake Project and the Surmont Project. The Christina Lake Project is situated on 80 square miles of oil sands leases in the southern Athabasca oil sands region of Alberta. MEG owns a 100% working interest in the oil sands leases associated with the Christina Lake Project. The Surmont Project comprises 32 square miles of lands in the southern Athabasca oil sands region of Alberta. The Surmont Project is located approximately 50 miles south of Fort McMurray. MEG owns a 100% working interest in the oil sands leases associated with the Surmont Project. MEG also holds a 50% interest in the Access Pipeline. 	MEG Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	617	January 1, 2009
MDN	MDN Inc. (MDN) is a mineral exploration company. The Company acquires, explores and develops mining properties. The Company holds interests in properties located in Tanzania, East Africa, and Canada. In Tanzania, MDN owns gold exploration projects totaling 473 square kilometers in the area of Lake Victoria Goldfield. These projects are known under the name Ikungu, Ikungu East, Nikonga and Isambara (Simba). In Canada, MDN has a 72.5% interest in the Crevier niobium, which covers 83 contiguous concessions, and tantalum deposit located in the Saguenay Lac-St-Jean region. MDN also owns 100% of the property Samaqua property, which has 175 contiguous claims totaling 9822.89 hectares. The Ikungu project has a two kilometer long by 300 meter deep gold zone. The Ikungu East property owned by MDN covers an area of 133 square kilometers. The Nikonga project is 100% owned by MDN and consists of two permits. The Isambara (Simba) project is 100% owned by MDN and consists of seven permits. 	MDN Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	8	November 22, 1994
MAQ	McEwen Mining-Minera Andes Acquisition Corp. is a Canada-based subsidiary of McEwen Mining Inc. McEwen Mining Inc. a mining and minerals exploration company focused on precious and base metals in Argentina, Mexico and the United States. 	McEwen Mining - Minera Andes Acquisition Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	September 19, 2011
MCB	McCoy Global Inc. (McCoy), formerly McCoy Corporation, is a provider of tubular handling, assembly and measurement equipment used for making up threaded connections in the oil and gas industry. The Company's products are used during the well construction phase for both land and offshore wells and for both oil and gas well activities. McCoy is engaged in the design, manufacture and distribution of capital equipment used in both off-shore and land drilling markets to handle, make-up and measure tubular products, such as casing, and to support this capital equipment through the sale of aftermarket products, such as technical service, consumables (dies and inserts), and replacement parts; repair, maintenance, and calibration of drilling and completions equipment, and rental of drilling and completions equipment. 	McCoy Global Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	568	February 29, 1996
MUX	McEwen Mining Inc. is a mining and minerals exploration company. The Company is focused on precious and base metals in Argentina, Mexico and the United States. Its operating segments include Argentina, Mexico and the United States. It has a land position consisting of mining claims, leases of mining claims or concessions of around 814 square miles in Argentina, 697 square miles in Mexico and 241 square miles in Nevada. It holds around 49% interest in Minera Santa Cruz S.A. (MSC), owner and operator of the producing San Jose mine in Santa Cruz, Argentina, which is controlled by the majority owner of the joint venture, Hochschild Mining plc (Hochschild). It also owns the El Gallo 1 gold mine in Sinaloa, Mexico. In addition to its operating properties, it also holds interests in numerous exploration stage properties and projects in Argentina, Mexico and the United States, including the Gold Bar (Gold Bar) and Los Azules (Los Azules) projects. 	McEwen Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	July 24, 1979
MDF	Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc. is a Canada-based e-commerce solutions company. It provides information technology (IT) services. It owns several mobile platforms, including Jobboom, LesPAC, R&#233;seau Contact, MERX, InterTrade, Carrus, BidNet and SourceSuite. The Company operates in several sectors, including electronic components, computer equipment and medical equipment, automotive aftermarket, wine and spirits, diamonds and jewelry, classified ads, supply chain and Government opportunities. Its subsidiaries include Carrus Technologies Inc., The Broker Forum Inc., International Data Base Corp., InterTrade Systems Inc., Polygroup, Ltd., Jobboom Inc., Market Velocity, Inc. and International Data Base Corp. 	Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	360	February 16, 1996
MAY	Meadow Bay Gold Corporation (Meadow Bay) is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration for and development of mineral deposits. The Company is a gold exploration, pre-production and development company. The Company's main focus is exploring and developing the Atlanta Gold Mine Project, located in Lincoln County, Nevada. Atlanta Gold Project consists of 49 unpatented lode claims located in Lincoln County Nevada, approximately 250 kilometer northeast of Las Vegas. Desert Hawk Resources Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a mining and exploration company with Atlanta Gold Project. 	Meadow Bay Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 8, 2005
DR	Medical Facilities Corporation is a Canada-based specialty surgical hospital. The Company through its subsidiaries, Medical Facilities America, Inc. and Medical Facilities (USA) Holdings, Inc. owns controlling interests in six limited liability entities (the Centers), each of which owns a specialty surgical hospital (SSH) or an ambulatory surgery center (ASC) located in the United States. ASCs are specialized surgical centers that provide outpatient procedures, whereas SSHs are licensed for inpatient and outpatient surgeries. The Centers provide facilities, including staff, surgical materials and supplies, and other support necessary for scheduled surgical, pain management, imaging, and diagnostic procedures. The Centers mainly focus on clinical specialties, such as orthopedic, neurosurgery, pain management and other non-emergency elective procedures. In addition, two of the SSHs provide primary and urgent care to their communities. 	Medical Facilities Corp	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	601	January 12, 2004
DR.DB.A	nul	Medical Facilities Corp	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
MGA	Mega Uranium Ltd. is a Canada-based exploration and development mineral resources company. The Company is focused on acquisition and exploration of uranium properties. The Company's segments are divided into two distinct geographic: Canada and Australia. The Canadian operations are in Ontario, Newfoundland and Labrador, and the Australian operations are at Perth. Its material mineral projects are the Ben Lomond Project and the Georgetown Project, both of which are located in Australia. The Ben Lomond Project is located in the Burdekin Basin, an intracratonic extensional basin overlying the Neoproterozoic basement in the North East part of the Charters Towers Region. The Georgetown project is located in the Gulf Savannah region, which includes the southern shores of the Gulf of Carpentaria and the country around the Gulf west of the Great Dividing Range. Its subsidiaries include Uranium Mineral Ventures Inc., Mega Georgetown Pty Ltd. and Mega Redport Holdings Pty Ltd. 	Mega Uranium Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	January 24, 1990
MRI.U	Mercer International Inc. (Mercer) operates in the pulp industry. The Company produces bleached softwood kraft (NBSK) pulp. It also produces pulp for resale, known as market pulp, in Germany. The Company generates and sells green energy to regional utilities. Its operations are located in Eastern Germany and Western Canada. It operates three NBSK pulp mills. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Rosenthal, owns and operates the Rosenthal mill, which has an annual production capacity of approximately 360,000 ADMTs and 57 MW of electrical generation. The Company's subsidiary, Stendal owns and operates the Stendal mill, which has an annual production capacity of approximately 660,000 ADMTs and 148 MW of electrical generation. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Celgar, owns and operates the Celgar mill, which is a NBSK pulp mill with an annual production capacity of approximately 520,000 ADMTs and 100 MW of electrical generation. 	Mercer International Inc	Basic Materials	Paper Products	--	July 12, 2005
MRD	Melcor Developments Ltd. is a real estate development company. The Company develops, manages and owns mixed-use residential communities, business and industrial parks, office buildings, retail commercial centers, and golf courses. It operates through five divisions: Community Development, which is engaged in purchasing and developing land to be sold as residential, industrial and commercial lots; Property Development, which develops retail, office and industrial properties on serviced commercial sites developed primarily from its Community Development division; Investment Property, which owns seven leasable commercial and retail properties and other rental income producing assets, such as parking lots and land leases; REIT, which owns 38 leasable commercial and retail properties and other rental income producing assets, such as residential property, parking lots and land leases, and Recreation Property, which owns and manages 18-hole golf course operations. 	Melcor Developments Ltd	Financials	Real Estate Operations	139	
MSL	Merus Labs International Inc. (Merus) is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and licensing of branded prescription pharmaceutical products in Canada and internationally. It carries out business principally in Canada and Europe. The Company has products in the area of urology/women's health and anti-infectives. Its products include Factive, Emselex/Enable and Vancocin. Enablex (darifenacin) or Emselex is used in treatment of urinary urgency and incontinence. Vancocin is used in treatment of C. difficile infection (CDI). Factive (Gemifloxacin Mesylate tablets) is the only Food and Drug Administration approved quinolone with five day oral dosing indicated for the treatment of both acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis and mild to moderate community-acquired pneumonia. 	Merus Labs International Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Generic & Specialty	6	November 2, 2009
MX	Methanex Corporation is a Canada-based producer and supplier of methanol to international markets in Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and South America. The Company operates three production facilities in New Zealand, which supply methanol primarily to customers in Asia Pacific. Its two plants in Trinidad, Titan and Atlas, supply methanol markets in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and South America. Its Geismar 1 facility in Louisiana supplies to customers in the United States. The Company through a joint venture facility in Egypt, located on the Mediterranean Sea, supplies methanol markets in Europe and Asia Pacific. Its plant in Medicine Hat, Alberta, supplies methanol to customers in North America. The Punta Arenas production complex in southern Chile supplies to customers in South America. 	Methanex Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Commodity	1231	March 5, 1992
MR.DB	nul	Melcor Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
MR.UN	Melcor Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The Trust's objective is to provide monthly cash distributions to unitholders by acquiring properties and diversifying its portfolio. The Trust owns, acquires, manages and leases retail, office and industrial properties in select markets in Western Canada. Its portfolio consists of interests in 38 properties representing approximately 2.74 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) located in and around Edmonton, Calgary, Lethbridge and Red Deer, Alberta; Regina, Saskatchewan, and Kelowna, British Columbia. It has approximately 13 retail properties, which include five multi-building retail power centers and eight neighborhood shopping centers. It has approximately 20 office properties and approximately four industrial properties. It has one land lease community in Calgary, Alberta. The Trust is externally managed, administered and operated by Melcor Developments Ltd. 	Melcor Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	January 25, 2013
MRU	Metro Inc. is a retailer or a distributor and operates under various banners in the supermarket and discount segments. The Company operates approximately 340 supermarkets under the Metro and Metro Plus banners. It has over 200 discount stores operating under the Super C and Food Basics banners. The Adonis banner has over 10 stores, which offer Mediterranean and Middle-Eastern products. It also acts as a distributor by providing medium-surface food stores and convenience stores. It also operates Premiere Moisson, which offers artisan breads and pastries, the production of charcuteries and ready-to-eat offerings, and gourmet specialties. Premiere Moisson sells its products to its stores, to restaurant and distribution chains, as well as directly to consumers. It also acts as franchisor and distributor for over 180 franchised Brunet Plus, Brunet, Brunet Clinique and Clini Plus drugstores. The Company also operates over 70 drugstores under Metro Pharmacy and Drug Basics banners. 	Metro Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Distribution & Convenience Stores	65000	April 18, 1994
MET	Metalore Resources Ltd is a Canada-based junior resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of precious metals and hydrocarbons, as well as produces natural gas from the Silurian formation in Ontario. The Company owns Cedartree Lake gold property. The Company has interest in various mining claims in the Beardmore/Geraldton Gold Belt. The Company owns or controls petroleum, natural gas and mineral leases in Charlotteville, Walsingham and Houghton townships in Norfolk County, Ontario. The Company produces natural gas from around 85 wells in two townships in Norfolk County, Ontario and also distributes gas to approximately 100 commercial and residential customers along its gathering pipelines. 	Metalore Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	4	January 1, 1943
MAX	Midas Gold Corp. (Midas Gold) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company, which is engaged in exploring and acquiring mining properties. The Company's principal business is the exploration and, if warranted, development of the Stibnite Gold Project. The Company's focus is to explore, evaluate and develop three of the deposits known as the Hanger Flats Deposit, West End Deposit and Yellow Pine Deposit, all of which are located within the Stibnite Gold Project. The Stibnite Gold Project is located in central Idaho, the United States. Mineral rights controlled by Midas Gold include patented lode claims, patented mill site claims, unpatented federal lode claims, and unpatented federal mill site claims and consist of approximately 27,104 acres or 42 square miles. The claims are wholly owned, except for 27 patented lode claims that are held under an option to purchase. 	Midas Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	31	February 22, 2011
MBX	Microbix Biosystems Inc is a Canada-based Company engaged in developing biological products and technologies. The Company developed a pipeline of selected biological technologies including Virusmax (Influenza Virus Yield Enhancement Technology), LumiSort (Semen Sexing Technology) and the thrombolytic drug, Kinlytic (Urokinase). The Company specializes in developing biological technologies, which leads to the development of a pipeline of products in three areas biotherapeutics, vaccines and non-therapeutic biologics. The Companys product categories include Infectious Disease Antigens, Proficiency Testing and Adenovirus Vectors. The Virology business develops, manufactures and distributes infectious disease antigens for the medical diagnostic and vaccine research industries. The Company has commercialized approximately 60 products derived from infectious pathogens cultured and processed at its facilities. 	Microbix Biosystems Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	20	October 3, 1978
RCO.UN	nul	Middlefield Can-Global REIT Income Fund			--	
MID.UN	MINT Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to produce a high level of sustainable income and to minimize the risk of investing in high income securities on a cost effective basis. The Fund invests in a portfolio of securities consisting primarily of high yielding equity securities of issuers operating in various industries and geographic regions. Middlefield Limited is the manager of the Fund. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) is the advisor of the Fund. 	MINT Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	36	September 26, 2009
MGT	Mines Management, Inc. (Mines Management) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral properties, primarily those containing silver and associated base and precious metals. The Company's mineral property interest, the Montanore Project, is held by its wholly owned subsidiaries, Newhi, Inc. and Montanore Minerals Corp. The Montanore Project is located in Sanders and Lincoln Counties in northwestern Montana and consists of 10 patented mining claims and 861 unpatented mining claims owned by the Company. The Montanore Project contains a strata-bound silver-copper deposit occurring in the Revett Formation, which is part of a series of Precambrian-aged metasedimentary rocks belonging to the Belt Supergroup. The Company also owns certain mining claims on zinc properties in northern Washington State, referred to as the Iroquois and Advance properties. 	Mines Management Inc			11	February 20, 1947
MGO	Migao Corporation (Migao), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, and through its 50% ownership of SQM JV and Eurochem JV, owns land use rights and operates fertilizer production plants. The Company's production plants are located in various locations in the People's Republic of China for the production and sale of specialty potash fertilizer potassium nitrate (KNO) and potassium sulfate (SOP) along with their co-products, specialty compound fertilizers, granulated potassium chloride (granulated KCL) and standard potassium chloride (standard KCL). The Company also sells fertilizer manufacturing by-products, including ammonium chloride, a nitrogen-bearing fertilizer and hydrochloric acid. The products are mainly for the Chinese domestic agricultural market. The Company is producing its two core products, such as KNO and SOP at four operating locations in China. Migao completed the construction of two 120,000 tons per annum fertilizer pelletizing production lines. 	Migao Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	1290	December 29, 1997
MST.UN	Milestone Apartments Real Estate Investment Trust is an open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company owns and manages garden-style apartment communities in metropolitan markets across the Southeast and Southwest United States. The Company's communities are located, with access to schools, employment centers, transportation hubs and entertainment. The Company's properties consist of facilities, including pools, fitness centers, tennis courts, business centers and open green space. The Company's portfolio is made up of 59 multifamily garden-style residential properties, consisting of 19,553 units that are located in 12 metropolitan markets across the Southeast and Southwest United States. The Company operates its portfolio through its internal property management company, Milestone Management, a residential property management firm. The Company's external asset manager is The Milestone Group. 	Milestone Apartments Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	1500	January 17, 2013
MSV	Minco Silver Corporation is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of precious metals mineral properties and projects. The Company indirectly through its wholly owned subsidiary, Minco Investment Holding HK Limited, owns a 90% beneficial interest in the shares of Foshan Minco Mining Co. Ltd. (Foshan Minco). Its principal property is the Fuwan Silver Deposit located in Gaoming County approximately 45 kilometers southwest of Guangzhou. The Fuwan Project comprises the properties, which are the subject of the Luoke-Jilinggang Permit held by Foshan Minco and the Company's interest in the silver mineralization located on the Changkeng Property. It also has the right to acquire 51% of the silver mineralization on the Changkeng Property, which is jointly owned by the Company with Minco Gold Corporation. 	Minco Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	37	August 20, 2004
MMM	Minco Gold Corporation (Minco Gold) is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of gold properties in China. The Company holds approximately 18.45% equity interest in Minco Silver Corporation (Minco Silver), which through its subsidiary holds title to the Fuwan Silver Project located in Guangdong Province, China. The Company's projects include Changkeng Gold Project, Longnan projects, Tugurige Gold Project and Fuwan Silver Project of Minco Silver. The Changkeng gold deposit is located southwest of Guangzhou, China. The Longnan region consists of three projects: Yejiaba, Yangshan and Xicheng East. Tugurige Gold Project is located in Inner Mongolia, China. The Fuwan Silver Deposit is adjacent to the Company's Changkeng Gold Project. It has three reconnaissance survey exploration permits on the Fuwan Silver Deposit, having a total area of approximately 125.74 square kilometers. 	Minco Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	33	November 5, 1982
GO	Mogo Finance Technology Inc is a Canada-based digital financial company focused on leveraging technology for consumer financial services. The Company provides access to a range of financial products, including personal loans, prepaid visa card, and other tools for consumers in Canada. The Company delivers its products through its online lending platform and nine branches located in major cities across Canada. The Companys products include MogoLiquid, which is an unsecured installment loan for up to $35,000 with a term of up to five years and no prepayment penalties or fees; MogoMini is a line of credit with principal amounts ranging from $100 to $2,500 for one year term; MogoZip is a short-term loan product for up to $1,500 with terms generally between 14 and 30 days, and MogoCard is a reloadable prepaid visa card that gives consumers the convenience of a Visa without the credit. 	Mogo Finance Technology Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	275	
MNW	Mitel Networks Corporation (Mitel) is a global provider of business communications and collaboration software, services and solutions. The Company operates in two segments: Premise and Cloud. The Premise segment sells and supports products and services for premise-based customers. The Cloud segment sells and supports products that are deployed in a cloud environment. Mitel offers portfolios of business communications solutions, which are known as unified communications and collaboration (UCC). It also offers cloud-based telephony services and network services in the United States and in select markets across the globe. It operates in three geographic markets: Americas, which includes the United States, Canada, the Caribbean and Latin America; EMEA, which includes the continent of Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific, which includes the continent of Asia and the Pacific region, including Australia and New Zealand. 	Mitel Networks Corp	Technology	Software	4500	January 31, 2014
TPX.A	Molson Coors Canada Inc. is a Canada-based brewery. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Molson Coors Brewing Company. The Company brews, markets, sells and distributes a range of beer brands nationally. The Company's product brands include primarily Coors Light and Molson Canadian, as well as other owned brands, including Carling, Coors Banquet, Creemore Springs, Granville Island, Molson Dry, Molson Export, Pilsner and Rickard's. The Company also has various strategic distribution partnerships, including those with Heineken. The Company also has partnership arrangements related to the distribution of beer in Ontario, namely, Brewers' Retail Inc. (BRI), and in the Western provinces, Brewers' Distributor Ltd. (BDL). 	Molson Coors Canada Inc			6300	April 4, 1997
TPX.B	Molson Coors Canada Inc. is a Canada-based brewery. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Molson Coors Brewing Company. The Company brews, markets, sells and distributes a range of beer brands nationally. The Company's product brands include primarily Coors Light and Molson Canadian, as well as other owned brands, including Carling, Coors Banquet, Creemore Springs, Granville Island, Molson Dry, Molson Export, Pilsner and Rickard's. The Company also has various strategic distribution partnerships, including those with Heineken. The Company also has partnership arrangements related to the distribution of beer in Ontario, namely, Brewers' Retail Inc. (BRI), and in the Western provinces, Brewers' Distributor Ltd. (BDL). 	Molson Coors Canada Inc			6300	April 4, 1997
MLE.UN	nul	Moneda LatAm Growth Fund			--	
MRG.DB	nul	Morguard North American Residential Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
MLD.UN	Moneda Latam Corporate Bond Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to preserve and enhance the net asset value (NAV) of the Fund and provide Unitholders with quarterly tax-advantaged distributions consisting primarily of returns of capital, in each case through exposure by virtue of a Forward Agreement to the total return performance of the Moneda Deuda Latinoamericana Fondo de Inversion (the Moneda Fund). The Fund is established as a trust to provide holders of Class A Units and Class U Units with investment exposure to a diversified portfolio of fixed income securities of companies located in or with significant operations in Latin America. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	Moneda LatAm Corporate Bond Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
MM	Mood Media Corporation is a Canada-based provider of in-store audio, visual, mobile, social and scent marketing solutions to a range of businesses, including specialist retailers, department stores, supermarkets, financial institutions and fitness clubs, as well as hotels, car dealerships and restaurants. The Company operates in four segments: In-store media - International, In-store media - North America, BIS and Other. In-store media segment provides multi-sensory in-store media and marketing solutions to a range of businesses in the retail, financial services, hospitality, restaurant and leisure industries internationally. BIS segment is an audio-visual design and integration subsidiary of the Company that focuses on corporate and commercial applications. The Company's other segment includes its corporate activities and Technomedia. Technomedia provides audio-visual technology and design for large-scale commercial applications. 	Mood Media Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	2100	June 17, 2008
MLF.UN	Moneda Latam Fixed Income Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund is established as a trust to provide holders of Class A Units and Class U Units with investment exposure to a diversified portfolio of fixed income securities of companies located in, or with significant operations in, Latin America. The Fund's investment objectives are to preserve and enhance the net asset value of the Fund and provide Unitholders with quarterly tax-advantaged distributions consisting primarily of returns of capital. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. is the manager of the Fund. Moneda International Inc. is the sub-adviser of the Fund. 	Moneda LatAm Fixed Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
ME	Moneta Porcupine Mines Inc. (Moneta) is a mineral resource exploration and development company exploring gold in the Timmins Camp in Timmins, Ontario (Canada). Moneta has interests in 962 claim units each approximately 16 hectares in area (total area approximately 15,700 hectares) in the form of mining patents, leases and staked claims. Moneta holds a 100% interest in five core gold projects located on or along the Destor Porcupine Fault Zone (Destor), a mineralized structure in the Abitibi Greenstone belt in Ontario. Moneta's primary gold exploration and resource development focus is the 100% owned Golden Highway Project or Golden Highway which contains a contiguous land package of 689 claim units or approximately 11,000 hectares, and is centered in Michaud Township, 100 kilometer east of Timmins, Ontario along Highway 101. Moneta's additional property interests include a base metal portfolio, with some properties containing nickel-copper and copper zones. 	Moneta Porcupine Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	October 14, 1910
MRG.UN	Morguard North American Residential Real Estate Investment Trust is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The REIT has been formed to own multi-unit residential rental properties across Canada and the United States. The REIT's investment objectives are to generate stable and growing cash distributions to unitholders on a tax-efficient basis; enhance the value of the its assets and maximize long-term value of the units through active asset and property management, and to expand its asset base and increase Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) per unit primarily through acquisitions and improvement of its properties through capital expenditures. The REIT's property portfolio consists of approximately 14 Canadian multi-unit residential properties and approximately 30 United States multi-unit residential low-rise properties. The properties are primarily located in Ontario, Alberta, Alabama, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina and Texas. 	Morguard North American Residential Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	March 1, 2012
MRT.DB.A	nul	Morguard Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
MRC	Morguard Corporation is a Canada-based real estate investment company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, development and ownership of commercial, multi-unit residential and hotel income producing properties. It is also a real estate investment adviser and a management company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Morguard Residential REIT and Morguard REIT, owns a portfolio of multi-unit residential, retail, office, industrial and hotel properties located in Canada and in the United States. Its portfolio composition includes Canadian multi-unit residential, Canadian retail, office and hotel properties. Its hotel properties have 1,056 rooms located throughout the Greater Toronto Area. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Morguard Investments Limited, provides real estate management services to Canadian institutional investors. Its services include acquisitions, development, dispositions, leasing, performance measurement, and asset and property management. 	Morguard Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	1000	April 17, 2012
MSI.DB	nul	Morneau Shepell Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	--	
MRT.UN	Morguard Real Estate Investment Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based closed-end real estate investment trust. The Trust's primary business objective is to accumulate a Canadian portfolio of real estate assets and then deliver the benefits of such real estate ownership to unitholders. The Trust holds a diversified real estate portfolio of 49 retail, office and other properties consisting of approximately 8.6 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) located in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario and Quebec. Its retail portfolio includes two categories of properties: enclosed full-scale, regional shopping centers, and neighborhood and community shopping centers. The office portfolio is focused on properties in Canadian urban centers. The portfolio is balanced between single-tenant properties under long-term lease to government and national tenants. It also has an interest in four industrial properties located in Ontario and Quebec. 	Morguard Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	12	
MSI	Morneau Shepell Inc. (Morneau Shepell) is a Canada-based provider of health and productivity, administrative and retirement solutions to assist employers in managing the financial security, health and productivity of their employees. The Company offers retirement and health and benefits consulting solutions, such as actuarial services, compensation consulting&#184; defined contribution consulting and investment consulting, among others; administrative solutions, such as defined benefit pension administration, defined contribution pension administration, employee self-service and human resources call centers, among others; absence management solutions, such as attendance support, disability management and workers' compensation, and employee support solutions, such as EFAP, crisis and trauma support, workplace learning, targeted health programs and children's support solutions. The Company offers its services to around 20,000 organizations in Canada, the United States and across the world. 	Morneau Shepell Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Personal Services	4000	October 19, 2010
MPV	Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (MPV) is a Canadian resource company. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries 2435572 Ontario Inc. and 2435386 Ontario Inc. holds a 49% interest in the Gahcho Kue Project (the Project), located in the Northwest Territories of Canada, about 300 kilometers northeast of Yellowknife. The Project is an unincorporated joint arrangement between De Beers (51%) and the Company (49%) through its wholly owned subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2014, the Project covered approximately 10,353 acres and consisted of four mining leases (numbers 4341, 4199, 4200 and 4201) held in trust by the Operator, De Beers. The Project hosts four primary kimberlite bodies, namely, Hearne, Tuzo, Tesla and 5034. As of December 31, 2014, the Project had total indicated mineral resources of 33.8 megatons (Mt) and inferred mineral resources of 11.3 Mt. 	Mountain Province Diamonds Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	May 8, 2006
MTY	MTY Food Group Inc. (MTY) is a Canada-based company engaged in franchising and operating quick-service restaurants under various banners, including Tiki-Ming, Sukiyaki, La Cremiere, Au Vieux Duluth Express, Carrefour Oriental, Panini Pizza Pasta, Franx Supreme, Croissant Plus, Villa Madina, Cultures, Thai Express, Vanellis, Kim Chi, TCBY, Yogen Fruz, Sushi Shop, Koya Japan, Vie & Nam, Tandori, O'Burger, Tutti Frutti, Taco Time, Country Style, Buns Master, Valentine, Jugo Juice, Mr. Sub, Koryo Korean Barbeque, Mr. Souvlaki, Sushi Go, Mucho Burrito, Extreme Pita, PurBlendz, ThaiZone, Madisons New York Grill & Bar, Cafe Depot, Muffin Plus, Sushi-Man, Fabrika and Van Houtte. The Company's activities consist of Franchise operations, Corporate store operations, Distribution operations and Food processing operations. MTY has around 2,837 locations in operation, of which 2,784 are franchised or under operator agreements and the remaining 53 locations are operated by MTY. 	MTY Food Group Inc.	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	435	July 26, 2000
MTL	Mullen Group Ltd. provides transportation and related services to the oil and natural gas industry in western Canada, and supplies trucking and logistics services in Canada. The Company has two segments: Oilfield Services and Trucking/Logistics. Its Oilfield Services segment provides transportation, drilling, well-servicing and dewatering services, including transporting of oversize and overweight shipments; conductor pipe setting; core drilling; casing setting; the transportation, handling, storage and computerized inventory management of oilfield fluids, tubular and drilling mud, pipe stockpiling and stringing, and services related to the processing and production of heavy oil, transportation and disposal of fluids, as well as water management, dewatering, pond reclamation services, hydrovac excavation and drilling rig relocation services. Its Trucking/Logistics segment transports goods, including general freight, commodities, over-dimensional loads and dry bulk commodities. 	Mullen Group Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	4164	March 12, 2009
NRE	Namibia Rare Earths Inc. is a Canada-based exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for rare earth elements in Namibia through its 100% owned subsidiary, Namibia Rare Earths (Pty) Ltd. The Company's project includes Lofdal Rare Earths Project, which consists of a license (exclusive prospecting license (EPL) 3400) located approximately 450 kilometers northwest of the capital city of Windhoek and 25 kilometers northwest of the town of Khorixas in the Kunene Region of north-western Namibia. The Lofdal property covers a total area of 420 square kilometers centered on the Lofdal carbonatite complex. EPL 3400 provides for mineral rights to base and rare metals, and precious metals. The Company through Namibia Rare Earths (Pty) Ltd. also holds mineral rights on two other exclusive prospecting licenses (EPLs) in Namibia. 	Namibia Rare Earths Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 26, 2010
NA.PR.Q	nul	National Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
NA.PR.X	nul	National Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
NGI.UN	NDX Growth & Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide stable quarterly cash distributions of Canadian $0.15 per unit to Class A holders and the United States $0.15 per unit to Class U holders, and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund will invest in an actively managed portfolio of equity securities selected from the NASDAQ-100 Index combined with selective covered call option writing designed to enhance portfolio income and mitigate downside risk. The NASDAQ-100 Index includes the United States' domestic and international non-financial securities and reflects companies across industry groups, including computer hardware and software, telecommunications, retail/wholesale trade and biotechnology. The Fund invests in a range of sectors, which include cash, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, industrials and information technology. Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	NDX Growth & Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	November 28, 2013
NA.PR.S	nul	National Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
NUS	Nautilus Minerals Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of the ocean floor for copper and gold rich seafloor massive sulphide deposits and for manganese, nickel, copper and cobalt nodule deposits. The Company has one segment being mineral property exploration in Australasia. The exploration activity involves the search for deep water copper and gold rich seafloor massive sulphides in the western Pacific Ocean and nodule deposits in the eastern Pacific Ocean. The Company's principal project is the Solwara 1 Project in Papua New Guinea (PNG) in the Bismarck Sea. The proposed principal operations of the Company are the extraction of copper, zinc, gold and silver deposits. 	Nautilus Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	61	April 27, 2006
NPC	North American Power & Energy Corporation, also known as Napec Inc. is a Canada-based company operating in energy sector. The Company, through Thirau Inc., provides its customers with a range of services for the construction, maintenance and upgrading of electricity transmission networks and of overhead and underground distribution networks, power houses and transformer substations, as well as emergency storm damage repair services. The Company, through Riggs Distler & Company, Inc., provides construction and maintenance services for the electrical and mechanical facilities of public utilities and industry. It also installs gas-powered and electric-powered heavy equipment for utilities, gas-fired industrial power plants and petrochemical facilities in North America. It installs solar panels for commercial, industrial, residential and utility environments. The Company provides services to the utility and industrial markets in Quebec, Ontario and the eastern United States. 	Napec Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	939	April 20, 2005
NA.PR.W	nul	National Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
NVC	Neovasc Inc. is a specialty medical device company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets products for the cardiovascular marketplace. Its products include the Tiara technology in development for the transcatheter treatment of mitral valve disease, the Reducer for the treatment of refractory angina and a line of advanced biological tissue products that are used as key components in third-party medical products, including transcatheter heart valves. Its Tiara is a product for treating mitral valve disease. The Tiara is in preclinical/early clinical stage development to provide an invasive transcatheter device. The Tiara valve is made up of two components: the leaflets and skirt. It produces Peripatch, a biological tissue product that is manufactured from pericardium, which is the protective sac that surrounds the heart of an animal. It provides product development and specialized manufacturing services related to Peripatch tissue-based products. 	Neovasc Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	148	April 19, 2002
NUS.RT	nul	Nautilus Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
NTB	Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc is a Canada-based biotechnology company. The Company is engaged primarily in the development, manufacture and commercialization of marine-derived omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The Company has three operating segments: Neptune, Acasti Pharma Inc. and NeuroBioPharm Inc. The Company's Neptune segment produces and commercializes nutraceutical products. The Company's Acasti Pharma Inc. segment develops and commercializes medical food and pharmaceutical products for cardiovascular diseases. The Company's NeuroBioPharm Inc. segment develops medical food and pharmaceutical products for neurological diseases. The Company's lead product, Neptune Krill Oil (NKO), come in capsule form and serve as a dietary supplement to consumers. The Company's other nutraceutical products include Ecokrill Oil (EKO), Rimfrost Oil, Neptune Krill Aquatein ( NKA) and New Formulation Derived from NKO, which include NKO Beat, NKO Flex and NKO Focus. 	Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	123	October 15, 1998
NCU	Nevada Copper Corp. is a mining company engaged in the development of the 100% owned Pumpkin Hollow copper project. The Company's Pumpkin Hollow is an advanced stage development copper property with reserves and resources, including copper, gold, silver, as well as an iron resource. The Pumpkin Hollow project consists of a 6,500 tons per day Stage 1 underground copper mine development and a nearby Stage 2 70,000 tons per day open pit project in the permitting phase. The Pumpkin Hollow property is located in north-western Nevada, approximately 90 road miles southeast of Reno. The property consists of a contiguous 26 square mile land package held under a lease agreement by the Company comprising both patented and unpatented claims. 	Nevada Copper Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	June 16, 1999
NA	National Bank of Canada (the Bank) is an integrated provider of financial services to retail, commercial, corporate and institutional clients. The Bank offers a range of services that include banking and investment solutions, securities brokerage, insurance and wealth management. The Bank operates in three business segments: Personal and Commercial, Wealth Management and Financial Markets. The Bank's Personal and Commercial segment includes the banking, financing and investing services offered to individuals and businesses, as well as insurance operations. Its Wealth Management segment includes investment solutions, trust services, banking services, lending services and other wealth management solutions offered through internal and third-party distribution networks. The Bank's Financial Markets segment includes banking services, investment banking services and financial solutions for institutional clients and is also engaged in the trading and investment activities of the Bank. 	National Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	19696	November 16, 1994
NLN	NeuLion, Inc. is a technology product and service provider. The Company specializes in the digital video broadcasting, distribution and monetization of live and on-demand content to Internet-enabled devices. Through its cloud-based solution, it builds, secure and manage digital networks. Its cloud-based technology platform offers a range of digital technology and services for content rights holders, including content ingestion, live encoding, live video editing, digital rights management, advertising insertion and management, content management, subscriber management, billing services, Website design, analytics and reporting, among others. Its subsidiary MainConcept provides video compression-decompression, software library to consumer electronics manufacturers and others. It is a provider of customized content services for a range of professional and collegiate sports properties, cable networks and operators, content owners and distributors, and telecommunication companies. 	NeuLion Inc			767	November 30, 2010
NSU	Nevsun Resources Ltd. (Nevsun) is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of mineral property interests. The Company's principal mining operation is the Bisha Mine and the Company's principal mineral property is the Bisha property, which is owned by Bisha Mining Share Company (BMSC). The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Nevsun (Barbados) Holdings Ltd., Nevsun Africa (Barbados) Ltd. and Nevsun Resources (Eritrea) Ltd. The Company has 60% interest in BMSC. Bisha is a volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) deposit located 150 kilometers west of Asmara, Eritrea, East Africa. The Bisha mine hosts a gold, copper and zinc deposit and the overall Bisha district includes satellite VMS deposits known as Harena, Northwest and Hambok. The Bisha Main deposit is located within the Bisha Mining License and the Harena satellite deposit lies in a separate mining license 6 kilometers south. Bisha Main and Harena form 100% of the mineral reserves for Bisha. 	Nevsun Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1230	July 19, 1965
NFI	New Flyer Industries Inc (NFI) is a Canada-based company, which is a transit bus and motor coach manufacturer, and parts distributor in North America. The Company has two segments: Bus Operations and Aftermarket Operations. The Company's Bus Operations segment is involved in the manufacture of heavy-duty transit buses for public transportation and MiDi. The Company's Aftermarket Operations segment is involved in the provision of service parts and support related to transit buses. The Company offers the product line, including drive systems powered by diesel, natural gas, electric trolley, fuel cell, diesel-electric hybrid and battery-electric. The Company has fabrication, manufacturing, distribution and service centers in Canada and the United States. NFI operates the aftermarket parts organization, sourcing parts from a range of suppliers and providing support for various types of heavy-duty transit buses and motor coaches. It supports approximately 42,000 heavy-duty transit buses. 	New Flyer Industries Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	3200	June 16, 2005
NGD	New Gold Inc. is a Canada-based intermediate gold mining company engaged in the development and operation of mineral properties. The Company's assets include New Afton Mine in Canada, which is an underground goldcopper deposit; the Mesquite Mine in the United States, which is an open pit mine; the Peak Mines in Australia, which is an underground goldcopper deposit, and the Cerro San Pedro Mine in Mexico, which is a goldsilver, open pit mine. The Company projects include the Rainy River and Blackwater projects, both in Canada, and a 30% interest in the El Morro coppergold project in Chile. Approximately 28% of the Company's gold revenue is generated from Canada, 28% from the United States, 26% from Australia and 18% from Mexico, and over 70% of its gold reserves are located in Canada. 	New Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	1146	January 31, 1980
NGD.WT.A	nul	New Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
NFI.DB.U	nul	New Flyer Industries Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	--	
NAL	Newalta Corporation is a Canada-based provider of engineered environmental solutions to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates New Markets segment and Oilfield segment. The New Markets segment includes mobilization of equipment and staff to process waste at its customer sites, the processing of oilfield-generated wastes, including treatment, water disposal, landfilling and the sale of recovered crude oil; site remediation, centrifugation, dredging and dewatering, and the supply and operation of drill site processing equipment, including solids control and drill cuttings management. The Oilfield segment includes the processing of oilfield-generated wastes, including treatment and disposal, water disposal, clean oil terminalling, custom treating, the sale of recovered crude oil and the supply and operation of drill site processing equipment, including solids control and drill cuttings management. 	Newalta Corp	Industrials	Environmental Services	900	January 1, 2010
BCI	New Look Vision Group Inc, formerly New Look Eyewear Inc., is a Canada-based company, engaged in eye care products and services in Eastern Canada. The Company has two main segments, including New Look and Vogue Optical. Its product portfolio includes sunglasses, ophthalmic lenses, eyeglasses and contact lenses. The whole network consists of over 140 eye care stores. The Company operates a lens processing laboratory and a distribution centre in Ville St-Laurent, Quebec and a lens processing laboratory in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. It provides a number of varieties of glasses and lenses for men, women, girls and boys, as well as unisex models. 	New Look Vision Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Specialty	1359	March 3, 2010
NEW.A	NewGrowth Corp. (NewGrowth) is a Canada-based mutual fund company. NewGrowth invests its funds in common shares of publicly-listed securities of selected Canadian chartered banks, telecommunications, oil and gas, utility and pipeline companies (the Portfolio Shares) in order to generate dividend income for holders of its preferred shares and to enable the holders of its capital shares to participate in any capital appreciation in the Portfolio Shares. The policy of NewGrowth is to invest in the Portfolio Shares and not to engage in trading except in limited circumstances, including funding retractions or redemptions of its capital shares and preferred shares. The Company sells or purchases the Portfolio Shares on a pro rata basis based on the weightings of the Portfolio Shares at the time of the purchase or sale. 	NewGrowth Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	10	June 27, 1991
NML	New Millennium Iron Corp. is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company's projects include Direct Shipping Ore (DSO) and Taconite Project. The Company holds interests in Millennium Iron Range, located in the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador and in the Province of Quebec, which holds one undeveloped magnetic iron ore deposits. The Millennium Iron Range (MIR) hosts two projects: LabMag and KeMag. The Lac Ritchie property is located at the north end of the Millennium Iron Range. Its two other taconite deposits are located south of the LabMag deposit in the Millennium Iron Range. Howells River North deposits are located between the LabMag and KeMag deposits. 	New Millennium Iron Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	25	August 8, 2003
NEW.PR.D	nul	NewGrowth Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
NUX	New Pacific Metals Corp. is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral property interests in Canada and China. The Company is focused on the advancement of the Tagish Lake Gold Property and the RZY Silver-Lead-Zinc Project (RZY Project). Tagish Lake Gold Property is located south of Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada, and consists of approximately 1,510 mineral claims covering approximately 254 square kilometers. The Tagish Lake Gold Property also includes around three crown grants: the Skukum Creek gold-silver prospect, the Goddell gold prospect, the past-producing Mt. Skukum gold mine, as well as a range of gold showings. The RZY Project is located in Qinghai, China. RZY Project is an early stage silverleadzinc exploration project. The Company owns Tagish Lake Gold Property through its subsidiary Tagish Lake Gold Corp. It holds RZY Project through its subsidiary Qinghai Found Mining Co. Ltd. 	New Pacific Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	8	November 5, 2003
NMI.DB	nul	Newmarket Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
NMI.WT	nul	Newmarket Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
NMI	Newmarket Gold Inc is a Canada-based gold mining company, which is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company holds three operating mines in Australia: the Fosterville and Stawell Gold Mines in the state of Victoria, and the Cosmo Gold Mine in the Northern Territory. In addition, the Company owns a title to a mining lease located in north-central Newfoundland, Canada. The Company's projects include Big Hill Enhanced Development Project, which consists of two open pits, such as the North Pit and the South Pit, and is located approximately 250 kilometers northwest of Melbourne; Maud Creek project, which is located approximately 110 kilometers from Union Reefs Mill and approximately 285 kilometers south-southeast of Darwin, and Esmeralda deposit, which is located over six kilometers to the south of the Union Reefs processing facility in the Northern Territory. 	Newmarket Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	845	
NCC.B	Newfoundland Capital Corporation Limited (Newcap) is a Canada-based pure-play radio company. The Company owns and operates Newcap Radio, which is a radio broadcaster with 95 licenses across Canada. The Company operates in two segments: Broadcasting, and Corporate and Other. The broadcasting segment is engaged in the sale of broadcast advertising from its licenses across the Canada. The Corporate and Other segment derives its revenue from hotel operations. The Company reaches listeners through various formats and is engaged in radio programming, sales and networking industry. Its portfolio of radio assets includes 80 FM and 15 AM licenses. Its stations are accessible via the Internet and various mobile device applications across the globe. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Newcap Inc., the Glynmill Inn Incorporated, 8504580 Canada Inc., 8384827 Canada Inc., 8384860 Canada Inc., 8384886 Canada Inc. and 8384878 Canada Inc. 	Newfoundland Capital Corporation Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	1000	March 4, 1987
NCC.A	Newfoundland Capital Corporation Limited (Newcap) is a Canada-based pure-play radio company. The Company owns and operates Newcap Radio, which is a radio broadcaster with 95 licenses across Canada. The Company operates in two segments: Broadcasting, and Corporate and Other. The broadcasting segment is engaged in the sale of broadcast advertising from its licenses across the Canada. The Corporate and Other segment derives its revenue from hotel operations. The Company reaches listeners through various formats and is engaged in radio programming, sales and networking industry. Its portfolio of radio assets includes 80 FM and 15 AM licenses. Its stations are accessible via the Internet and various mobile device applications across the globe. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Newcap Inc., the Glynmill Inn Incorporated, 8504580 Canada Inc., 8384827 Canada Inc., 8384860 Canada Inc., 8384886 Canada Inc. and 8384878 Canada Inc. 	Newfoundland Capital Corporation Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	1000	March 4, 1987
NXC	NexC Partner Corp. (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation through investment in a portfolio of North American dividend-paying equity securities and an investment in Purpose Investments Inc., and quarterly cash distributions. The Fund invests in a portfolio of approximately 40 North American dividend paying equity securities, based on a disciplined rules-based portfolio selection strategy. The Fund was diversified across 10 sectors, such as financials, utilities, energy, consumer staples, telecommunications, consumer discretionary, real estate, industrials, materials and healthcare. Purpose Investments Inc. is the manager of the Fund. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. is the investment advisor of the Fund. 	NexC Partners Corp	Financials	Investment Services	--	December 17, 2012
NOA	North American Energy Partners Inc. is a provider of a range of mining and heavy construction services to customers in the resource development and industrial construction sectors, primarily within Western Canada. The Company's core principle includes the Canadian oil sands, where it is engaged in providing construction and operations support services through all-stages of an oil sands project's lifecycle. The Company's services are primarily engaged in supporting the construction and operation of surface mines, particularly in the oil sands, with a focus on site clearing and access road construction; site development and underground utility installation; construction and relocation of mine site infrastructure; stripping, muskeg removal and overburden removal; heavy equipment and labor supply; material hauling, and mine reclamation and tailings pond construction. 	North American Energy Partners Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	152	November 28, 2006
NCD.UN	North American Advantaged Convertibles Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives include providing holders of units with quarterly tax-advantaged distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund focuses on a diversified portfolio, which consists of convertible debentures of Canadian, United States and global issuers. The Fund focuses on sectors, which include energy, utilities, financials, industrials, information technology, materials, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, healthcare and cash and cash equivalents. The Fund has operations in Toronto, Ontario. The Fund's investment manager is First Asset Investment Management Inc. 	North American Advantaged Convertibles Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 19, 2011
NKO	Niko Resources Ltd. (Niko) is a Canada-based company, which is focused on value generation in the D6 Block in India. The Company has interests in producing assets in India and Bangladesh, development opportunities in India and exploration acreage in India, Indonesia, Trinidad and Tobago, and Brazil. Its reserves are located in the D6 Block and NEC-25 in India and Block 9 in Bangladesh. The Company's D6 Block consists of 7,645 square kilometers is located off the coastline of Andhra Pradesh. Its petroleum mining lease acreage consists of 1,446 square kilometers. Its NEC-25 Block consists of 14,535 square kilometers. It also has interest in Hazira Field, located about 25 kilometers southwest of the city of Surat and covering an area of 50 square kilometers on and offshore. Niko holds and operates 24 square kilometer Surat Block located onshore adjacent to the Hazira Field. Its Block 9 covers approximately 1,770 square kilometers surrounding the capital city of Dhaka. 	Niko Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	128	March 27, 1987
NB	NioCorp Developments Ltd. (NioCorp), formerly Quantum Rare Earth Developments Corp., is a Canada-based mineral development company. The Company is engaged in pursuing resources and its main project is the Elk Creek niobium project (Elk Creek Project), located in southeast Nebraska, the United States. The Elk Creek Project is an advanced niobium exploration project that also contains scandium and titanium. The Elk Creek Project is located approximately 75 kilometers southeast of Lincoln, Nebraska, and around 110 kilometers south of Omaha, Nebraska. The Elk Creek Project consists of approximately 21 option agreements covering approximately 1,796 hectares. The Company also holds positions in mineral exploration properties located in Canada. Niobium is primarily used in the form of ferroniobium to produce high strength, low alloy (HSLA) steel. Scandium is used in solid oxide fuel cells and aluminum-scandium alloys in aerospace and automotive applications, among others. 	NioCorp Developments Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	9	February 27, 1987
NKO.NT	nul	Niko Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
NGQ	NGEx Resources Inc. (NGEx) is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious and base metal properties. The Company has a portfolio of exploration stage copper-gold projects in Chile, Argentina and Canada. The Company's projects are the Los Helados, which is a copper-gold porphyry deposit located approximately 125 kilometers southeast of the city of Copiapo in Region III of Chile and is subject to a Joint Exploration Agreement with Pan Pacific Copper Co., Ltd. (PPC); Josemaria Project, which is a copper/gold porphyry project located approximately 11 kilometers southeast of Los Helados in San Juan Province, Argentina and is subject to a Joint Exploration Agreement with Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation, and Filo del Sol Property, which is an exploration project located approximately 17 kilometers south of Los Helados in San Juan Province, Argentina, which has a total of approximately 8,208 meters of drilling in 23 holes. 	NGex Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	23	August 20, 2004
NXJ	NexJ Systems Inc. is a provider of cloud-based software solutions. The Company develops, markets and sells software solutions for financial services firms and healthcare industry. The Company provides a range of services, including data governance and management, data integration and quality, business intelligence and in-memory analytics. The Company has two segments: Financial Services and Healthcare. The Financial Services segment includes solutions for financial services and insurance companies such as NexJ for Contact Center, NexJ Smart Forms and Workflow, NexJ Contact for Mobile, NexJ Enterprise Synchronization for Microsoft Exchange and NexJ Data Governance. The Healthcare segment offers solutions such as NexJ Connected Wellness and CRM-based health and wellness solutions, including NexJ Disease Screening and NexJ Contact for Health. 	NexJ Systems Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	339	January 1, 2013
NHC	Nobilis Health Corp., formerly Northstar Healthcare Inc., is a Canada-based company which partners with physicians in the development and management of ambulatory surgical centers (ASCs). The Company indirectly acquire and/or manage ambulatory surgery centers (ASCs) and healthcare facilities in the United States. It owns and manages ambulatory and acute care facilities to deliver healthcare services. The Company owns and manages nine healthcare facilities (Nobilis Facilities) in Texas and Arizona; two MRI centers, an urgent care center, one hospital, and five ambulatory surgery centers (Nobilis ASCs) of which three are located in Houston, Texas, one in Dallas, Texas and one in Scottsdale, Arizona. The Company's subsidiaries include Spring Northwest Management, LLC, Spring Northwest Operating, LLC, Willowbrook Imaging, LLC, GRIP Medical Diagnostics, LLC, and Athas Health, LLC, among others. 	Nobilis Health Corp			322	March 16, 2007
OSB	Norbord Inc is a Canada-based forest products company. The Company manufactures and markets a range of building material and paper products in North America and Europe. The Company produces wood-based panels; oriented strand board (OSB) in the United States, Canada and Europe, and medium-density fiberboard (MDF), particleboard and furniture in Europe. The Company offers roof sheathing under the Solarbord and Trubord brands; wall sheathing under the Tallwall, Windstorm and Trubord brands, and sub-floor and stairs under brands, such as Pinnacle, TruFlor, pointSIX, Durastrand, Stabledge, Rimboard and SteadiTred in North America. In Europe, it offers OSB, including SterlingOSB2, SterlingOSB3, Sterling Roofdek, Sterling Sitecoat and Sterling Fire Solutions; MDF, such as Caberwood MDF, Caberwood MDF Trade and Caberwood MDF Industrial; chipboard, such as Caberdek, Caberfloor P5, Cabershield and ContiBoard, and floor fixings, such as Caberfix Pro Kit, Caberfix D4 and Caberfic Tape. 	Norbord Inc			1900	December 31, 1998
NHC.WT	nul	Nobilis Health Corp			--	
NIF.UN	Noranda Income Fund is an open-ended trust. The Fund owns an electrolytic zinc processing facility and ancillary assets (the Processing Facility) located in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec. The Fund earns a processing fee for transforming zinc concentrate into zinc metal, and also earns additional revenue from premiums, by-product revenues and metal gains. The Fund's primary objective is to provide stable, monthly distributions. The Processing Facility produces refined zinc metal and various by-products from zinc concentrate purchased from mining operations and sells refined zinc products to customers in the open market. The Fund produces copper in cake and sulphuric acid as by-products from refining zinc concentrate. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Fund processed 497,013 tons of zinc concentrate. The Manager of the Fund is Canadian Electrolytic Zinc Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Glencore Canada Corporation. 	Noranda Income Fund	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	574	April 18, 2002
NII	Norsat International Inc. is a provider of communication solutions that enable the transmission of data, audio and video for remote applications. The Company's products and services include product design and development, production, distribution and infield support and service of fly-away satellite terminals, microwave components, antennas, radio frequency (RF) conditioning products, maritime based satellite terminals and remote network connectivity solutions. It operates in three segments: RF antennas and filters (Sinclair Technologies), Satellite Solutions and Microwave Products. Sinclair Technologies segment is engaged in RF antenna and filter products. Its satellite-based communications business includes Satellite Solutions and Microwave Products. Its Microwave Products segment designs, develops and markets receivers, transmitters and power amplifiers that enable the transmission, reception and amplification of signals to and from satellites. 	Norsat International Inc	Industrials	Aerospace & Defense	161	October 15, 1982
FFN.PR.A	nul	North American Financial 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
NPI.DB.B	nul	Northland Power Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
PDL	North American Palladium Ltd. is a Canada-based company, which produces precious metals. The Company operates Lac des Iles (LDI) mine. The Company's LDI mine property is located approximately 90 kilometers northwest of Thunder Bay, Ontario in Canada. The LDI mill design capacity is approximately 15,000 tons per day. The Company holds interest in the Shebandowan West nickel property and an interest in approximately two early-stage gold exploration properties located in Ontario, such as Shabaqua and Salmi Lake. The Company's northwestern Ontario Greenfields platinum group element (PGE) properties consists of over 21,000 hectares of land. Majority of PGE Greenfields properties are located within approximately 30 kilometers of the LDI mine. Greenfields PGE properties include BUCK LAKE, BULLSEYE, ELEPH LAKE, WAKINOO LAKE, TAMAN LAKE, LEGRIS LAKE and TIB LAKE. The LDI mine area is underlain by mafic to ultramafic rocks of the Archean Lac des Iles Intrusive Complex (LDI-IC). 	North American Palladium Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	324	September 12, 1991
NPI.DB.C	nul	Northland Power Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
FFN	North American Financial 15 Split Corp., formerly Financial 15 Split Corp. II, is a Canada-based mutual fund Company. The Company's investment objective is to provide holders of Preferred Shares with cumulative preferential monthly cash dividends in the amount of 5.25% annually; to pay the holders of the Preferred Shares $10 per Preferred Share; to provide holders of Class A Shares with regular monthly cash distributions and to permit holders to participate in all growth in the net asset value of the Company above $10 per Unit. The Company invests primarily in a portfolio of commons shares, which include Bank of Montreal, Bank of America Corp., Bank of Nova Scotia, Citigroup Inc., CI Financial Corp., J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co., among others. The Company may also invest up to 15% of its Net Asset Value in equity securities of issuers other than the financial services companies. The investment manager of the Company is Quadravest Capital Management Inc. (Quadravest). 	North American Financial 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 3, 2004
NCF	Northcliff Resources Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of exploration and development of mineral projects. The Company's primary mineral project is the Sisson Tungsten Molybdenum Project (Sisson Project), located in New Brunswick, Canada. The Sisson deposit is a tungstenmolybdenum deposit. It holds a controlling interest in around five contiguous claim groups consisting of 850 units covering an area of approximately 18,880 hectares. The claims include Sisson Brook, Turnbull Mountain, Napadogan Brook, West Branch Napadogan and Barker Brook. It conducted test pitting programs consisting around 427 pits dug and collected a total of around 510 till samples and 342 bedrock samples from these pits. It drilled around 36 additional diamond drill holes for a total of approximately 1,665 meters within the tailings facility and plant site locations. The Company also completed around two drill holes located within the resource. 	Northcliff Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4	May 18, 2010
NRF.UN	North American REIT Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-ended investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Units (Unitholders) with stable monthly cash distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Fund invests primarily in listed equity securities issued by real estate investment trusts (REITs) in Canada and the United States. The manager of the Fund is Propel Capital Corporation. The Fund is managed by Fiera Capital Corporation. 	North American REIT Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 26, 2012
NPI	Northland Power Inc. (Northland) is an independent power producer. The Company is engaged in developing, building, owning and operating facilities in Canada, Europe and other selected jurisdictions that produce electricity from clean-burning natural gas and renewable resources , such as wind, solar and biomass. Northland operates through five segments: thermal, renewable, managed, which includes management and operations services for Kirkland Lake, Cochrane and Canadian Environmental Energy Corporation (CEEC); offshore wind, including Gemini and Nordsee, and other, which includes investment income and wood-chipping operations, as well as the administration of Northland. Northland owns power-producing facilities with a total capacity of approximately 1,345 megawatts (MW). The Company has approximately 40 MW of ground-mounted solar projects and the 600 MW Gemini offshore wind project under construction. 	Northland Power Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	230	January 1, 2011
NPI.PR.C	nul	Northland Power Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
NPI.PR.A	nul	Northland Power Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
NPI.PR.B	nul	Northland Power Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
NPF.UN	North American Preferred Share Fund is a Canada-based closed-ended investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of units with stable monthly cash distributions and preservation of capital. The Fund invests in sectors, including banks, pipelines, insurance, real estate, telecommunications, diversified financial services, real estate investment trusts (REITs), electric and others. The Fund is focused on acquiring preferred shares of North American issuers in the new issue and secondary markets. The Fund may also invest approximately 20% of its assets in North American fixed income securities, including high yield bonds, convertible debentures and equities. Fiera Capital Corporation is the investment advisor of the Fund. 	North American Preferred Share Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 28, 2013
NBZ	Northern Blizzard Resources Inc. (Northern Blizzard) is a Canada-based crude oil production and development company focused on maximizing oil recovery. Northern Blizzard has a focused and concentrated asset base of approximately 200,000 net acres along the Alberta and Saskatchewan border. The Company has two core areas, which includes Kerrobert Mississippian Bakken and Lloydminster Heavy Oil. Northern Blizzards heavy oil assets include two types of pools, Lloydminster Mannville pools and the lower viscosity heavy oil found in the Kerrobert Bakken pools. The Companys properties include Cactus Lake, winter, court, smiley, cuthbert, senlac and mantario, among others. The Cactus Lake is located approximately 50 kilometers northwest of Kerrobert and is 100% owned and operated by Northern Blizzard and produces heavy oil from the Lower Cretaceous Rex and Mississippian Bakken formations. 	Northern Blizzard Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	269	November 18, 2009
NDM	Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. (Northern Dynasty) is a mineral exploration company. The Company through its subsidiaries holds a 100% interest in mining claims on State of Alaska land in southwest Alaska, the United States, which are part of or in the Pebble Copper-Gold-Molybdenum Project (the Pebble Project). The Pebble Project is located in southwest Alaska, 19 miles from the villages of Iliamna and Newhalen, and approximately 200 miles southwest of the city of Anchorage. 	Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	0	May 11, 1983
NDM.WT	nul	Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
NPS	Northern Power Systems Corp., formerly Mira III Acquisition Corp., is a provider of advanced renewable power creation and power conversion technology for the energy sector. The Company operates in four business segments: Product Sales and Service, Technology Licensing, Technology Development and Shared Services. The Product Sales and Service segment includes the sale of distributed-class turbines along with related services, other products produced and sold to customers, as well as in the future its direct sales of utility-class turbines. The Technology Licensing segment includes the licensing of packages of its developed technology. The Technology Development segment includes the development of technology for specific customer needs. The Company designs, manufactures and services next-generation Permanent Magnet Direct-Drive (PMDD), wind turbines for the distributed wind market. 	Northern Power Systems Corp	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	125	February 14, 2012
NDM.WT.A	nul	Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
NVU.DB	nul	Northview Apartment REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
NVU.UN	Northview Apartment REIT, formerly Northern Property Real Estate Investment Trust, is a Canada-based multi-family residential real estate investor. The Company operates through the following business segments: residential, commercial, as well as execusuites and hotel. The residential segment consists of a multi-family segment, which includes apartments, town homes and single-family rental units, and execusuites and hotel where the rental period ranges from a few days to several months. The commercial segment includes commercial buildings focused on government tenancies and corporate tenants located in the Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and Newfoundland and Labrador. The execusuites and hotel segment operates a number of execusuite and hotel properties located in Yellowknife, Inuvik, Iqaluit and St. John's. The Company has a portfolio of over 24,000 residential suites in approximately 60 markets and it also owns over 33 apartment properties. 	Northview Apartment REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	310	
NWH.DB	nul	NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
NWH.DB.C	nul	NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
NWH.DB.B	nul	NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
NWH.DB.A	nul	NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
NWH.DB.D	nul	NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
NCQ	NovaCopper Inc. is a Canada-based exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on the development of Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects (UKMP Projects), which are located in the Ambler mining district in Northwest Alaska. Its UKMP Projects includes Arctic Project and the Bornite Project. The Arctic Project contains a polymetallic volcanogenic massive sulfide deposit. It is located 260 kilometers east of the town of Kotzebue, 30 kilometers north of the village of Kobuk and 260 kilometers west of the Dalton Highway. The Bornite Project contains a carbonate-hosted copper deposit. It is located 248 kilometers east of the town of Kotzebue, 19 kilometers north of the village of Kobuk and 275 kilometers west of the Dalton Highway. The Bornite Project is located on Ruby Creek on the northern edge of the Cosmos Hills. 	NovaCopper Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	April 27, 2011
NWH.UN	NorthWest Healthcare Properties Real Estate Investment Trust is an openended real estate investment trust (REIT). The objectives of the Company are to: provide unitholders with stable and growing cash distributions from investments focused on incomeproducing commercial real estate located primarily in Canada, including healthcare real estate, on a tax efficient basis; enhance the value of its assets and maximize longterm Unit value through active management, and expand the asset base of the REIT and increase its adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) per unit, including through accretive acquisitions. Its portfolio consists of around 73 healthcare real estate properties. It owns medical office buildings and healthcare focused real estate in Canada, and is focused on leasing space to a variety of medical and healthcare professionals, institutional healthcare organizations, as well as related healthcare service providers, such as pharmacies, laboratories and diagnostic imaging clinics. 	NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	139	January 1, 2010
NDQ	Novadaq Technologies Inc. develops and commercializes medical imaging and therapeutic devices for use in the operating room. The Company's imaging platform can be used to visualize blood vessels, nerves and the lymphatic system during surgical procedures. The Company generates revenues from the sale of medical devices and consumables, capital devices or consumable products, the rental of capital devices, royalties, upfront payments received from partners for exclusive sales and marketing rights, and extended warranty services agreements in connection with capital sales. The Companys SPY imaging products are SPY Elite, FIREFLY, LUNA, PINPOINT, CO2 HEART LASER systems and DermACELL Advanced Decellularized Dermis. The SPY Imaging System is United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cleared for use in seven surgical specialties, including coronary artery bypass, cardiovascular, plastic, reconstructive, micro, organ transplant and gastrointestinal surgery. 	Novadaq Technologies Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	56	April 14, 2000
NVA	NuVista Energy Ltd. (NuVista) is an oil and natural gas company engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. NuVista has assets in the Montney formation in the Alberta Deep Basin, in eastern and northwest Alberta, and northeast British Columbia. NuVista's Wapiti operating area is located south of Grande Prairie, Alberta, approximately 520 kilometers (km) northwest of Calgary. NuVista also has working interests in various other productive zones including the Falher, Wilrich, Nikanassin and Cardium. NuVista's other operating areas include the W5 Operating Area, located approximately 450 km north of Calgary and also includes its Kaybob/Waskahigan property along with other areas in the Pembina region; the W3/W4 Operating Area, consisting primarily of its Oyen region assets, located approximately 250 km southeast of Calgary, and the Northwestern Alberta operating area, located near Rainbow Lake. 	Nuvista Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	102	May 23, 2003
NRI	Nuvo Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Nuvo Pharma), formerly Nuvo Research Inc., is a healthcare company. The Company offers a range of products, including Pennsaid 2%, Pennsaid and the heated lidocaine/tetracaine patch. The Company manufactures Pennsaid for the global market and Pennsaid 2% for the United States market at its facility in Varennes, Quebec. The Company's topical pain products deliver drugs topically into and through the skin to the desired site or transdermally into the bloodstream with resulting systemic activity. Its Pennsaid and Pennsaid 2% are indicated for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee. The Company's Pennsaid is marketed in Canada, Greece, Italy and the United Kingdom. Its Pennsaid 2% consists of a metered dose dispenser. The Company's heated lidocaine/tetracaine patch provides local analgesia prior to needle procedures, such as dialysis, blood draws and pediatric needles. Its heated lidocaine/tetracaine patch produces analgesic effect with vasodilatation. 	Nuvo Research Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	74	August 22, 1983
NG	NOVAGOLD RESOURCES INC. (NOVAGOLD) is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company operates in the mining industry, focused on the exploration for and development of gold and copper mineral properties. The Company's principal assets include a 50% interest in the Donlin Gold project in Alaska, the United States and a 50% interest in the Galore Creek project in British Columbia, Canada. The Company's primary focus is on the Donlin Gold project. The Donlin Gold project is owned and operated by Donlin Gold LLC, a limited liability company that is owned equally by wholly owned subsidiaries of NOVAGOLD and Barrick Gold Corporation (Barrick). The Galore Creek project is owned by the Galore Creek Partnership, a partnership in which NOVAGOLD Canada Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of NOVAGOLD, owns approximately 50% interest. The Company has no operations or realized revenues from its planned principal business purpose. 	NovaGold Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	13	December 5, 1984
OSL.UN	nul	OCP Senior Credit Fund			--	
OCS.UN	nul	OCP Credit Strategy Fund			--	
OBM	Oban Mining Corporation is a Canada-based company, which is engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing mineral deposits in the Americas. The Company is exploring in Peru and Canada, and continues looking for new opportunities. The Company's various mineral properties that are located within Peru include Marcahui Project, Antamayo Project, Arcopunco Project, Magdalena Project, Bermejo Project, Chosicano Project, Low Capital Cost Prospects, Deep Skarn Prospects, Catharine Fault Prospects, Urban Barry Prospects and Lithocaps Prospects. The Marcahui Project is a porphyry copper project located in Peru, in the province of Arequipa, district of Quicacha. The Antamayo Project is an optioned property located in the province of Ancash in Central Peru. The Bermejo property is located in the province of Ancash, Peru. The Chosicano property lies immediately west of the northern extremity of the Cordillera Blanca Batholith. 	Oban Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	February 26, 2010
OBM.WT	nul	Oban Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
OER.WT	nul	Oando Energy Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
OGC	OceanaGold Corporation is a gold producer with assets located in New Zealand, the Philippines and the United States. The Company operates in two segments: New Zealand and the Philippines. The Company operates approximately two open cut mines and an underground mine in New Zealand. The Company also operates an open cut gold-copper mine at Didipio in the Philippines. The Company's projects include the Reefton Project, the Macraes Project and the Didipio Project. Its Reefton mine is located approximately seven kilometers southeast of the township of Reefton, a mining district in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island. The Company's Macraes Goldfield is a gold producing operation consisting of the Macraes open pit and frasers underground mines. The Company's Didipio mine is located approximately 270 kilometers north of the Philippine capital of Manila on the island of Luzon. The Company also operates the Waihi Gold Mine, which is located on the north island of New Zealand. 	OceanaGold Corp			--	March 22, 2007
OER	Oando Energy Resources Inc. is a Canada-based engaged in the acquisition of petroleum and natural gas rights, the exploration for, and development and production of, oil and natural gas primarily in Nigeria and Sao Tome and Principe. The Company is engaged in the production and sale of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs from its interest in OMLs 60 to 63 (onshore), OML 125 (offshore) and OML 56 (Ebendo marginal field, onshore),all located in Nigeria. The Company also generates oil transportation tariff revenue from third parties by its interest in various pipelines and revenues through the sale of power generated at the Kwale-Okpai independent power plant (Kwale-Okpai IPP). The Company's major customers include subsidiaries of international oil and gas companies, Nigerian government organizations and joint venture businesses. 	Oando Energy Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	August 9, 2005
ONR.DB.B	nul	OneREIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
OSF.UN	Oil Sands Sector Fund (the Trust) is a closed-end investment trust. The Trust's investment objectives are to provide long term capital appreciation for holders of Units (Unitholders) and to provide Unitholders with a stable stream of quarterly cash distributions targeted to be $0.125 per Unit ($0.50 per Unit per annum or 5.0% per annum on the original issue price of $10.00 per Unit). Its investment strategy is to actively manage a portfolio of equity securities, consisting primarily of securities of issuers participating in the Canadian oil sands sector with the balance of the Portfolio (up to 25% of the total assets) consisting primarily of other issuers involved in the energy sector. Its investment advisor is AGF Investments Inc. 	Oil Sands Sector Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
OLY	Olympia Financial Group Inc. (Olympia) is a Canada-based company, where majority of its business is conducted through its wholly owned subsidiary Olympia Trust Company (Olympia Trust) a non-deposit taking trust company. The Company has four operating segments, which are also the Company's divisions. The Private Health Services Plan division markets, sells and administers health and dental benefits to business owners. The Self-Directed Registered Plans division specializes in niche account administration needs. The Foreign Exchange division provides corporations and private clients a personalized service for buying and selling foreign currencies. The Automated teller machine (ATM) division, which focuses on building an ATM distribution network, which conducts business under Olympia ATM Inc. (Olympia ATM). The divisions offer different products and services and are managed separately because they require different technology and marketing strategies. 	Olympia Financial Group Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	197	July 12, 1994
ONR.DB.C	nul	OneREIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
ONC	Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (Oncolytics) is a development-stage company. The Company is focused on research and development of REOLYSIN, which is its cancer therapeutic. REOLYSIN is developed from reovirus. Oncolytics is directing a clinical trial program with the focus of developing REOLYSIN as a human cancer therapeutic. The clinical program includes clinical trials, which it sponsors directly along with Third Party Clinical Trials. Third Party Clinical Trials are clinical trials that are being sponsored by other institutions. Its clinical trial program includes human trials using REOLYSIN alone, and in combination with radiation and chemotherapy, and delivered via local administration and/or intravenous administration. Oncolytics uses contract toll manufacturers to produce REOLYSIN. The Company has two subsidiaries: Oncolytics Biotech (Barbados) Inc. (OBB), a Barbados company, and Valens Pharma Ltd. Oncolytics Biotech (US) Inc. and Oncolytics Biotech (U.K.) are subsidiaries of OBB. 	Oncolytics Biotech Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	22	April 2, 1998
ONR.UN	OneREIT, formerly Retrocom Real Estate Investment Trust, is a Canada-based unincorporated open-end real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns, manages and operates shopping centers located throughout Canada. The Company owns a portfolio of approximately 59 properties, including 57 investment properties located in nine provinces and the Yukon Territory, one parcel of land for development located in New Brunswick, and an interest in 39 acre tract of land in Mississauga, Ontario. The occupancy rate for the properties was approximately 85.6%. The Company owned three retail properties in the Province of British Columbia consisting of shopping centers located in Abbotsford, Chilliwack and Mission; three retail properties in the Province of Alberta consisting of shopping centers located in Cochrane, Medicine Hat and Red Deer, and over 30 retail properties and a 30% interest in one joint venture property in the Province of Ontario. 	OneREIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	11	
OCX	Onex Corporation (Onex) is a Canada-based investment company. The Company manages its own capital and that of investors from around the world, including public and private pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, banks and insurance companies. Onex focuses on carve-outs of subsidiaries and supply divisions from multinational corporations, cost reduction and operational restructurings and platforms for add-on acquisitions. Onex' business objective is to create long-term value for shareholders. The Company is engaged in acquiring and building businesses in partnership with management teams. Onex manages investment platforms focused on private equity, real estate and credit strategies. Onex invests its own capital directly and as a substantial limited partner in its Funds. 	Onex Corp	Financials	Investment Services	250000	December 30, 1980
OTC	Open Text Corporation is a Canada-based company operating in enterprise information market (EIM). The Company provides software products and services to organizations in finding, utilizing and sharing business information. The Company's products and services include enterprise content management (ECM), business process management (BPM), customer experience management (CEM), information exchange (iX), discovery, and analytics and reporting. Its ECM solutions include content management, archiving and core, among others. Its BPM solutions include process suite platform, capture and recognition systems, and process suite solutions. Its CEM solutions include Web content management, digital asset management and portal. Its iX solutions include business-to-business (B2B) integration, fax solutions and secure messaging. Its discovery solutions include search and InfoFusion. Its analytics and reporting solutions include embedded analytics and reporting, and advanced analytics. 	Open Text Corp	Technology	Software	8500	July 1, 2013
OPM	Opta Minerals Inc. is a provider of custom process solutions and related materials for use in the steel, foundry, loose abrasive cleaning, and municipal water industries and recycles inorganic materials. The Company operates in two segments: Steel and Magnesium, and Industrial Minerals. The Company's steel and magnesium segment processes and distributes industrial minerals for the steel industry. Industrial minerals are used in a range of applications for the steel industry. The Company's industrial minerals segment processes, distributes and recycles silica-free abrasives, roofing shingle granules and other industrial minerals for the marine, bridge, roofing and other abrasive cleaning; construction and water filtration industries. Its product lines include blends of industrial minerals; silica-free abrasives, and specialty sands, filtration media and other products and services. The Company also offers ultra-high pressure water-jet cutting machine replacement parts and services. 	Opta Minerals Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	335	January 1, 2013
ORT.DB.B	nul	Orbite Technologies Inc	Basic Materials	Aluminum	--	
ORT.DB.C	nul	Orbite Technologies Inc	Basic Materials	Aluminum	--	
OGD	Forage Orbit Garant Inc, also known as Orbit Garant Drilling Inc, is a Canada-based company engaged in the field of mining support services. The Company provides drilling services in Canada and abroad within mineral industry through all stages of mine development. Its customers range consists of senior, intermediate and junior mining companies. It owns a fleet of approximately 210 drill rigs, which provides surface and underground drilling services. It also offers geotechnical drilling services to mining and mineral exploration companies, engineering and environmental consulting firms, as well as government agencies. Furthermore, the Company manufactures drill rigs. Its international projects are based in the United States, Mexico, Guyana, Chile and West Africa. 	Forage Orbit Garant Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	642	January 31, 2007
OMI	Orosur Mining Inc. (Orosur) is a Canada-based gold producer and exploration company. The Company is focused on identifying and developing mineral opportunities. The Company operates in Uruguay, Chile and Colombia. In Uruguay, the Company operates the San Gregorio gold areas in the northern Department of Rivera. The Company is operating the Arenal Deeps underground mine and several open pits in the San Gregorio district. The Company has land holdings with active near mine and regional exploration programs. The gold is produced in the form of dore, which is shipped to refineries for final processing. In Chile, the Company conducts exploration and development activities on the Anillo property. The Company also owns the Pantanillo property, located in the Maricunga Belt and holds interests in the Talca exploration asset located close to La Serena, north of Santiago in Chile. 	Orosur Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	443	October 16, 1996
ORT	Orbite Aluminae Inc. is a clean technology-based mineral-processing and resource development company. The Company's proprietary processes and technologies enables the production of products, such as high-purity alumina (HPA), silica, hematite, magnesium oxide, titanium oxide, smelter-grade alumina (SGA), as well as rare earth (REO) and rare metal (RMO) oxides, from a range of feedstock's, including red mud, fly-ash, aluminous clays, mine tailings, bauxite, and kaolin clay without generating red mud waste or tailings. The Company's portfolio contains 15 intellectual property families, including 15 patents and 102 pending patent applications in 11 different countries and regions. The Company also operates a state of the art technology development center in Laval, Quebec, where its technologies are developed and validated. The Company's intellectual property family is patented in Canada, the United States, Australia, China, Japan and Russia. 	Orbite Technologies Inc	Basic Materials	Aluminum	50	June 17, 1983
ORL	Orocobre Limited is engaged in the commissioning of the Olaroz Lithium facility and the operation of Borax Argentina SA (Borax Argentina). The Company focuses on the exploration and development of lithium, potash and salar mineral deposits. Its segments include Corporate, the Olaroz project, South American Salars and Borax. It has interests in brine exploration groupings in Argentina, and mines and processing plants for boron minerals. It supplies lithium carbonate through Salar de Olaroz facility, which has a production capacity of over 17,500 tons per annum (tpa). Borax Argentina operates approximately three open pit mines in Tincalayu, Sijes and Porvenir, a borax decahydrate plant in Tincalayu, and refinery facilities in Campo Quijano. Its exploration projects include Salar de Cauchari lithium-potash resource, which covers over 30,000 hectares; Salar de Salinas Grandes project, which covers over 120,000 hectares, and Guayatoyoc project, which covers an area of over 33,000 hectares. 	Orocobre Ltd			--	January 20, 2005
OSU	Orsu Metals Corporation is a base and precious metals exploration and development company. The Company focuses on the acquisition and development of exploration licenses in countries of the Former Soviet Union (FSU). The Company holds exploration licenses in the Republic of Kazakhstan (Kazakhstan) and within the Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyzstan). The Company's principal and advanced project is the property consisting of a license area in eastern Kazakhstan containing the copper bearing Karchiga volcanogenic massive sulphide (VMS) deposit, which is part of the Rudny Altai polymetallic belt (the Karchiga Project). The Company's other projects include Kogodai Project, Balkhash Project and Akdjol-Tokhtazan Project. 	Orsu Metals Corp			49	April 8, 2005
OXC	Oryx Petroleum Corporation Limited is an international oil exploration company focused in Africa and the Middle East. Oryx Petroleum has interests in seven license areas prospective for oil and is the operator or technical partner in four of the seven license areas. Three license areas are located in the Kurdistan Region and the Wasit governorate (province) of Iraq and four license areas are located in West Africa in Nigeria, the AGC administrative area offshore Senegal and Guinea Bissau, and Congo (Brazzaville). It holds a 65% participating and working interest in the Hawler license area (Hawler) and a 45% interest in the Sindi Amedi license area (Sindi Amedi). In Nigeria, the Company has a 38.67% participating and working interest in Oil Mining Lease 141 (OML 141). In April 2012, it was awarded a 30% participating and working interest in the Haute Mer B license area. In December 2012, it acquired a 20% participating and working interest in the Haute Mer A license area. 	Oryx Petroleum Corporation Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	62	December 31, 2012
OR	Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (Osisko) is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of acquiring and managing precious metal and other royalties and similar interests in Canada and worldwide. The Company owns a 5% net smelter royalty (NSR) on the Canadian Malartic mine in the Abitibi Gold Belt, south of the Town of Malartic in the Province of Quebec. Canadian Malartic mine is operated by the Canadian Malartic General Partnership created by Agnico Eagle and Yamana. The property extends over 220 square Kilometer. Osisko owns 2% NSR royalty on the Upper Beaver project and on the Kirkland Lake properties. The Company owns a 2% NSR royalty on the Hammond Reef Project, which is located near Atikokan in Ontario. The Company owns 2% NSR on the Pandora property, which is located near Agnico Eagle's Lapa Mine near Cadillac, Quebec and 2% NSR on tin properties in the Yukon. 	Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	April 30, 2014
ORV	Orvana Minerals Corp. is a Canada-based multi-mine gold and copper production company. The Company's operating properties consist of El Valle Mine (El Valle), which is an underground gold-copper-silver mine with process facilities that produce a copper concentrate and gold dore, located in the northern part of Spain, and Don Mario Mine (Don Mario), which is an open-pit gold-copper-silver mine with process facilities that produce both copper and gold concentrates, located in the south-eastern part of Bolivia. The Company has completed a diamond-drilling program at La Brueva property, located approximately eight kilometers from El Valle, consisting of over 10 holes totaling approximately 2,780 meters. The Company also identified a new oxide zone within the El Valle Mine. At Don Mario, the Company had also completed a drilling program on Cerro Felix, which is located north-west and southeast of the upper mineralized zone, and consists of approximately 40 holes approximating 3,600 meters. 	Orvana Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	574	February 24, 1992
OR.WT	nul	Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
OR.WT.A	nul	Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
OVI.A	Ovivo Inc is a Canada-based company operating in the water treatment and, pulp and paper sectors, offering technological solutions, as well as services and equipment tailored to specific client needs. GLV Group companies operate in approximately 25 countries. The Companys subsidiary includes GL&V Pulp and Paper. GL&V Pulp and Paper designs and markets equipment used in various stages from pulp preparation to paper production. It also offers rebuilding, upgrading and optimization services for existing equipment, as well as for the sale of spare parts. 	Ovivo Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	800	May 15, 2007
OVI.B	Ovivo Inc is a Canada-based company operating in the water treatment and, pulp and paper sectors, offering technological solutions, as well as services and equipment tailored to specific client needs. GLV Group companies operate in approximately 25 countries. The Companys subsidiary includes GL&V Pulp and Paper. GL&V Pulp and Paper designs and markets equipment used in various stages from pulp preparation to paper production. It also offers rebuilding, upgrading and optimization services for existing equipment, as well as for the sale of spare parts. 	Ovivo Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	800	May 15, 2007
PIH	Pacific Insight Electronics Corp. (Pacific Insight) is a Canada-based provider of leadership, planning, design and manufacture of electronic solutions for the transportation industry. The Company offers development and delivery of electronic products and full service solutions to the automotive and commercial vehicle markets. The Company designs and distributes its products and services to original equipment manufacturers (OEM) and distributors in North America. The Company provides OEM, as well as Tier 1 and Tier 2 customers with a range of products, including light emitting diode (LED) lighting products and systems, electronic modules and wire harnesses. Pacific Insight maintains around two manufacturing facilities located in British Columbia, Canada and Zacatecas, Mexico. The Company also has offices in Michigan, the United States and Vancouver, Canada to support customers and to provide functions, such as program management, engineering, sales, finance and administration. 	Pacific Insight Electronics Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	800	July 30, 1979
PWB.PR.B	nul	Pacific & Western Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
PWB	Pacific & Western Bank of Canada is a Canada-based banking company. The Bank is engaged in the provision of commercial lending services to markets and raises its deposits through a deposit broker network in Canada. The Bank provides financing in the form of commercial and consumer loans and leases sourced through its bulk purchase program. The Bank finances a range of real estate developers in Southwestern Ontario. The Bank also provides consumer lending through its private label credit card program. The Bank's loan portfolio is categorized into residential multi-family mortgages, commercial and consumer loans and leases, commercial mortgages, government financings and credit card receivables. The Bank has insured and uninsured residential mortgages. Its commercial and consumer loans and leases consist of commercial loans to investment grade corporations and commercial and consumer loans and lease receivables sourced through the bulk purchase program. 	Pacific & Western Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	79	June 1979
PRE	Pacific Exploration and Production Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas. The Company's producing fields are located in Colombia and Peru. As of December 31, 2014, it drilled or was a partner in 56 wells consisting of 27 exploration wells, 25 appraisal wells and four stratigraphic wells. Its projects include Bicentenario pipeline, PEL-Power transmission line project, Small-scale liquefied natural gas (LNG) project, Water treatment for agricultural development, Puerto Bahia project and OLECAR. As of December 31, 2014, it has completed Phase I of the Bicentenario Pipeline project and approximately 17.7 Million barrels (MMbbl) was pumped through the pipeline. Its CPE-6 Block covers an area of over 600,000 hectares and is located at the southwest of the producing Rubiales and Quifa SW heavy oil fields. It also has assets in Guatemala, Brazil, Guyana and Papua New Guinea. 	Pacific Exploration and Production Corporation	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	2975	July 9, 2007
PWB.PR.A	nul	Pacific & Western Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
PDN	Paladin Energy Limited (Paladin) is an Australia-based uranium production company. The Company is engaged in the development and operation of uranium mines in Africa, together with global exploration and evaluation activities in Africa, Australia and Canada. Paladin had accumulated a portfolio of advanced uranium projects each having production potential. The Companys project includes Langer Heinrich Mine, Kayelekera Mine, Aurora Project, Michelin Project, Isa Uranium Joint Venture (IUJV), Valhalla North Project, Manyingee Uranium project, Oobagooma Uranium Project, Bigrlyi Joint Venture (BJV) and Angela-Pamela Project. Paladin also holds an approximately 82.08% interest in Summit Resources Limited. 	Paladin Energy Ltd			0	September 24, 1993
PPY	Painted Pony Petroleum Ltd. is a Canada-based natural gas company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas resources in western Canada. The Company is primarily focused on the production of natural gas and natural gas liquids from the Montney formation in northeast British Columbia. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Painted Rock Resources Ltd. 	Painted Pony Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	17	February 13, 2007
PAA	Pan American Silver Corp (Pan American) is a Canada-based company engaged in the development and exploration of silver producing properties and assets. The Company's principal product is silver, and also produces and sells gold, zinc, lead, and copper. It is engaged in mining operations and is developing mining projects in Mexico, Peru, Argentina and Bolivia, and has control over non-producing silver assets in each of those jurisdictions and in the United States. The Company's principal products and sources of sales are silver and gold ore, as well as silver bearing zinc, lead, and copper concentrates. It operates, among others, the Huaron, Morococha, Alamo Dorado, Dolores, La Colorada, Manantial Espejo and San Vicente mines. 	Pan American Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	6983	March 7, 1979
PAR.DB.A	nul	Partners Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
POU	Paramount Resources Ltd. (Paramount) is a Canada-based company that explores for and develops conventional petroleum and natural gas prospects, pursues long-term non-conventional exploration and pre-development projects and holds a portfolio of investments in other entities. Paramount's business segments include Principal Properties and Strategic Investments. The Company's Principal Properties segment includes the Company's four Corporate Operating Units, which are involved in the exploration, development, production and marketing of natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids. The Company's Strategic Investments segment includes investments in other entities, including affiliates; investments in exploration and development stage assets, and drilling rigs owned by Paramount's wholly-owned subsidiary, Fox Drilling Limited Partnership (Fox Drilling). 	Paramount Resources Ltd	Energy	Integrated Oil & Gas	298	February 14, 1978
PAR.DB.B	nul	Partners Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
PAR.UN	Partners Real Estate Investment Trust (Partners REIT) is a Canada-based open-end real estate investment trust. Partners REIT is focused on the acquisition and management of a geographically diversified portfolio of retail and mixed-use retail community and neighborhood shopping centers. These properties are located in both primary and secondary markets throughout Canada, and are primarily mid-market assets with values with a range of $10 to $50 million. The Company's portfolio consists of approximately 36 properties located in British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario and Quebec and in total, these properties comprise approximately 2.5 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). Some of its properties include Centuria Urban Village and Evergreen Shopping Centre in British Columbia; 137th Ave. and Manning Crossing in Alberta; Shoppers Drug Mart Property in Manitoba; Cornwall Square, Timmins West Power Centre in Ontario, and Mega Centre and Sorel Shopping Centre in Quebec. 	Partners Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	0	March 27, 2007
PXT	Parex Resources, Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development, production and marketing of oil and natural gas in South America. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds interests in onshore exploration and production blocks totaling approximately 2,616,897 gross acres. The Company's principal operating subsidiaries include Parex Resources Colombia, Ltd., Ramshorn International Limited, Verano Energy Limited S.C. and Parex Resources (Trinidad), Ltd. All these subsidiaries are engaged in oil and natural gas exploration and development. 	Parex Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	184	August 17, 2009
PKI	Parkland Fuel Corporation (Parkland) is a marketer of fuel and petroleum products. The Company delivers gasoline, diesel, propane, lubricants, heating oil and other high quality petroleum products to motorists, businesses, consumers and wholesale customers in Canada and the United States. Its segments include Retail Fuels, which operates and services a network of retail service stations that serve motorists in Canada; Commercial Fuels, which delivers bulk fuel, propane, heating oil, lubricants, agricultural inputs, oilfield fluids and other related products and services to commercial, industrial and residential customers across Canada; SPF Energy, operates and services a network of retail service stations in the United States; Wholesale, Supply and Distribution, which manages Parkland's fuel supply contracts, purchasing fuel from refiners, distribution through third-party rail and highway carriers, as well as serving wholesale and reseller customers, and Corporate. 	Parkland Fuel Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	1700	March 9, 2010
PVS.PR.A	Partners Value Split Corp. (Partners Value Split) is a Canada-based investment fund. The Company's investment portfolio consists of an investment in the Class A Limited voting shares (Brookfield shares) of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (Brookfield), which provides management and administration services to the Company. The Company's objective is to invest in Class A Limited voting shares (Brookfield shares) of Brookfield which generate cash flow through dividend payments that fund quarterly fixed cumulative preferential dividends for the holders of the Company's senior preferred shares, and provide the holders of the Company's capital shares the opportunity to participate in any capital appreciation in the Brookfield shares. The Company owns around 53,160,644 Class A Limited Voting shares of Brookfield. Brookfield is focused on property, renewable power, infrastructure and private equity and has around $175 billion of assets under management. 	Partners Value Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	July 12, 2001
PVS.PR.D	nul	Partners Value Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PVS.PR.C	nul	Partners Value Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PVS.PR.B	nul	Partners Value Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PVS.PR.E	nul	Partners Value Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PCD.UN	nul	Pathfinder Income Fund			--	
PSI	Pason Systems Inc. is a provider of instrumentation and data management systems for drilling rigs. The Company offers solutions, which include data acquisition, wellsite reporting, remote communications, and Web-based information management, enable collaboration between the rig and the office. The Company operates in three geographic segments: Canada, the United States, and International. The Company's Electronic Drilling Recorder (EDR) provides a complete system of drilling data acquisition, data networking, and drilling management tools and reports at both the wellsite and customer offices. Its solution Pit Volume Totalizer (PVT) is used for the detection and early warning of kicks that are caused by hydrocarbons entering the wellbore under high pressure and expanding as they migrate to the surface. The Company's data management system Pason DataHub collects, stores, and displays drilling data, reports, and real-time information from drilling operations. 	Pason Systems Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	758	November 1, 1996
PEG	Pattern Energy Group Inc. (Pattern Energy) owns and operates power projects. It holds interests in 12 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of 1,636 megawatts (MW). The projects consist of 11 operating projects and one project under construction. Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. It sells its electricity and environmental attributes, including renewable energy credits (RECs), to local utilities under long-term, fixed-price power purchase agreements (PPAs). The Companys operating projects are Gulf Wind, Texas; Hatchet Ridge, California; St. Joseph, Manitoba; Spring Valley, Nevada; Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico; Ocotillo, California; South Kent, Ontario; El Arrayan, Chile; Panhandle 1, Texas; Panhandle 2, Texas, and Grand, Ontario. 	Pattern Energy Group Inc			--	October 2, 2012
PPL.PR.A	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PPL.DB.F	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PPL	Pembina Pipeline Corporation (Pembina) is an energy transportation and service provider. The Company operates through four segments: Conventional Pipelines, Oil Sands & Heavy Oil, Gas Services and Midstream. Conventional Pipelines consists of the tariff-based operations of pipelines and related facilities to deliver crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids (NGL) in Alberta, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, and North Dakota, United States. Oil Sands & Heavy Oil consists of the Syncrude, Horizon, Nipisi and Mitsue Pipelines, and the Cheecham Lateral. Gas Services consists of natural gas gathering and processing facilities, including approximately 7 gas plants, approximately 12 compressor stations and over 375 kilometres of gathering systems. Midstream consists of the Company's interests in extraction and fractionation facilities, terminalling and storage hub services. 	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	1274	October 1, 2010
PPL.PR.G	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PPL.PR.E	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PPL.PR.C	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PPL.PR.I	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PGF.DB.B	nul	Pengrowth Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
PGF	Pengrowth Energy Corporation is engaged in the production, development, exploration and acquisition of oil and natural gas assets. The Company is focused on further developing the Lindbergh Thermal Project, located in East Central Alberta, near Cold Lake. The Company's principal conventional operations include Greater Olds/Garrington Area, where the Company holds a continuous land base with over 800 gross sections of Cardium-access rights, infrastructure and operatorship; Swan Hills Trend, a conventional oil resource , which provides it with opportunities to put its technical experience of carbonate reservoirs to work on its operated interests in Judy Creek, Carson Creek, Deer Mountain, Virginia Hills and Sawn Lake, where Pengrowth has control of the infrastructure and Bernadet Montney, where it has more than 50 gross sections of Montney land with liquids content. 	Pengrowth Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	569	January 1, 2013
PPL.PR.K	nul	Pembina Pipeline Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
PER	Perk.com Inc. (Perk), formerly Mira VI Acquisition Corp, is a provider of cloud-based mobile rewards platform. The Company provides a rewards platform for consumers for people's every day mobile and Internet activities. Perk offers Perk Points, which is a digital reward points that can be redeemed for gift cards and cash. Members can earn Perk Points through various activities, including shopping, watching videos and playing social games. Perk owns and operates approximately 12 mobile applications allowing members to earn Perk Points. Perk also operates various owned Websites. In addition to offering Perk Points through its own mobile applications and Websites, Perk launched its Appsaholic Software Development Kit (SDK), which allows mobile and desktop publishers to reward their users with rewards, such as gift cards, for engaging with the publisher's applications and Websites. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Perk.com US Inc. 	Perk.com Inc	Technology	Software	--	November 5, 2014
PSG	Performance Sports Group Ltd. is engaged in the design, manufacture and distribution of performance sports equipment for ice hockey, roller hockey, baseball and softball, lacrosse, as well as related apparel and accessories, including soccer apparel. The Company's segments include Hockey, Baseball/Softball and Other Sports. The Hockey segment includes the Bauer and Mission brands. The Baseball/Softball segment includes the Easton and Combat brands. Its Other Sports includes the Lacrosse and Soccer operating segments, which includes the Maverik and Cascade brands for Lacrosse, and the Inaria brand for Soccer. The ice hockey products include skates, helmets, protective gear, sticks, team apparel and accessories. The roller hockey products include skates, helmets, protective gear, sticks and accessories. The baseball and softball products include bats, gloves, helmets, protective gear, apparel and accessories. The lacrosse products include sticks, helmets, protective gear and apparel. 	Performance Sports Group Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure Products	389	December 2, 2010
PWT	Penn West Petroleum Ltd. (Penn West) is a Canada-based senior exploration and production company. The Company operates to explore for, develop and hold interests in oil and natural gas properties and related production infrastructure in the Western Canada sedimentary basin directly and through investments in securities of subsidiaries holding such interests. The Company's portfolio of properties includes both unitized and non-unitized oil and natural gas production. The properties contain long-life, low-decline-rate reserves and include interests in several oil and gas fields. The majority of its proved plus probable reserves are located in Canada in Alberta, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and the Northwest Territories. It also has minor proved plus probable reserves interests in the United States in Wyoming. Penn West operates under the trade names of Penn West and Penn West Exploration. 	Penn West Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	1120	January 1, 2011
PGD	Peregrine Diamonds Ltd. is a Canada-based diamond exploration company. The Company's primary assets include a number of prospective diamond prospecting licenses, which cover approximately 5,746 square kilometers in Botswana. The Company's exploration properties include the Chidliak diamond project on Baffin Island in Nunavut and the Lac de Gras, which is located in the Lac de Gras region of the Northwest Territories. Its Chidliak diamond project has over 71 kimberlites. Its subsidiary, Peregrine Exploration, holds Lac de Gras project, which covers an area of over 8,493 hectares. Its DO-27 kimberlite, located at Lac de Gras, has an indicated mineral resource of over 18 million carats of diamonds in over 19 million tons of kimberlite at a grade of 0.94 carats per ton. Its DO-27 kimberlite has an area of approximately nine hectares. The Company has identified a target for exploration of approximately 3 to 4 million tons of kimberlite to a depth of 380 meters below surface at CH-6. 	Peregrine Diamonds Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	November 19, 2002
PFB	PFB Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in manufacturing insulating building products made from expanded polystyrene materials and marketing these products in North America. The Company has two operating segments: Canada and the USA. The Company's Canadian segment is primarily engaged in the sale of expanded polystyrene (EPS) foam products, which it manufactures at its facilities in Canada. The Company's USA segment primarily engaged in the sale of EPS foam products, customized log and timber structures made at its facilities in the United States, along with providing design and installation services for its manufactured products. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries, Plasti-Fab Ltd. and PFB America Corporation, operate manufacturing facilities and sales operations in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario of Canada and in the states of Michigan, Idaho and Ohio of the United States, respectively. 	PFB Corporation	Industrials	Construction - Supplies & Fixtures	367	January 1, 2003
PHX	PHX Energy Services Corp. is a Canada-based oil and natural gas services company. The Company provides horizontal and directional drilling technology and services to oil and natural gas exploration and development companies in Canada, the United States, Albania, and Russia. The Company manufactures its E-360 electromagnetic (EM) and P-360 positive pulse measurement while drilling (MWD) technologies that are made available for internal operational use. The Company operates three segments on a geographical basis: the Canadian provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan, British Columbia, and Manitoba; the Gulf Coast, Northeast and Rocky Mountain regions of the United States, and internationally, mainly in Albania and Russia. The Company's Canadian directional drilling operations are conducted through Phoenix Technology Services LP. The Company's United States operations are conducted through its wholly owned subsidiary, Phoenix Technology Services USA Inc. 	PHX Energy Services Corporation	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	656	October 8, 2010
PGI.UN	PIMCO Global Income Opportunities Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unit holders with monthly cash distributions, maximize total return through distributions and capital appreciation, and preserve capital. In order to achieve its objectives, the Fund invests primarily in a diversified portfolio of global fixed income instruments of various maturities. The Fund invests in senior loans; subordinated loans, including second lien loans, B-Notes and mezzanine loans; whole loans; commercial real estate and other commercial loans, and structured loans. The Fund invests in mortgage-related and other asset-backed securities, stripped mortgage-backed securities, payment in-kind securities and government agencies or government-sponsored enterprises. PIMCO Canada Corp. (PIMCO Canada) is the investment manager of the Fund. 	PIMCO Global Income Opportunities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 26, 2014
PEY	Peyto Exploration and Development Corp, formerly Peyto Exploration & Development Corp. is a Canada-based energy company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas in Western Canada. Peyto's wells, gas plants, gathering and sales pipelines exist in a corridor about 200 kilometers long and 30 kilometers wide right by the foothills of the Rockies halfway between the Northwest Territories and the United States. Peyto operates in three core areas, namely the Greater Sundance, Smoky/Kakwa and Cutbank areas of Alberta. The Smoky/Kakwa/Chime/Kiskiu area is located 40 kilometers northeast of Grande Cache, Alberta, from Township 57-61 and Range 2-6 west of the sixth meridian. The Cutbank area is located 90 kilometers southwest of Grande Prairie, Alberta, from Township 61-64 and Range 7-11 west of the sixth meridian. 	Peyto Exploration & Development Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	30	January 1, 2013
PRW	Petrowest Corporation (Petrowest) provides pre-drilling and post-completion services to the energy industry in addition to providing services for industrial and civil infrastructure projects. The Company operates in five business segments: Construction, Transportation, Civil, Rentals and Environmental. The Construction segment includes land clearing and site preparation services. The Transportation segment provides loading and hauling of logs and gravel, as well as earth and heavy equipment transportation. The Civil segment includes gravel and rock crushing, as well as safety equipment rentals and supervision. The Rentals segment provides oilfield and heavy equipment rentals. The Environmental segment operates a landfill to receive and manage contaminated waste. 	Petrowest Corp	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	515	
PMT	Perpetual Energy Inc. (Perpetual) is a Canada-based oil and natural gas energy company. Perpetual is engaged in finding, developing, producing and marketing natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGL), oil and bitumen. Perpetual has liquids-rich natural gas assets in the deep basin of west central Alberta, heavy oil production in eastern Alberta, oil sands leases in northern Alberta and an interest in a gas storage facility. In the west central area, the company owns and operates both vertical, multi-zone commingled wells and horizontal wells producing liquids-rich gas from the Wilrich formation. The Company's focus in the Mannville area has been on the exploration and development of cretaceous-aged conventional heavy oil pools. Perpetual has positioned itself with 333,419 net acres (98.4% undeveloped) of oil sands leases geographically synergistic with seven of its shallow gas operating areas in northeast Alberta, as well as a small project area on the Peace River Arch. 	Perpetual Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	119	June 30, 2010
PRQ	nul	Petrus Resources Ltd			--	
PRU	Perseus Mining Limited is engaged in mining operation and sale of gold, mineral exploration and gold project evaluation, and development in the Republic of Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire, in West Africa. The Company's operating segments include Australia, Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire. The Australia segment includes the investing activities and corporate management. The Ghana segment includes the mining, mineral exploration, evaluation, and development activities. The Cote d'Ivoire segment includes mineral exploration, evaluation and development activities. It has several projects, totaling around 650 square kilometers, in the Ashanti Gold Belt in Ghana. Its Edikan Gold Mine has around 5.25 million ounces of measured and indicated gold resources, including reserves of around 2.36 million ounces gold, and around 2.17 million ounces inferred gold resources. Its Sissingue Gold Project is situated within an around 885 square kilometer land package consisting of the Sissingue exploitation permit area. 	Perseus Mining Ltd			--	October 24, 2003
PMB.UN	Picton Mahoney Tactical Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of Units (Unitholders) with sustainable tax-advantaged monthly distributions; to preserve capital and mitigate risk with less volatility and less correlation to high-yield and equity markets, and to maximize total return to Unitholders through distributions and capital appreciation, in each case through exposure to a diversified portfolio of income producing securities (the Portfolio) which would be actively managed by Picton Mahoney Asset Management (Picton Mahoney), in its capacity as the manager and the portfolio manager of Income Strategies Trust (the IS Trust). The Fund's portfolio consists of long and short positions in high-yield and investment grade bonds, Government bonds, convertible bonds, preferred shares and dividend paying equities, with a focus on North American issuers. The Fund is managed by Picton Mahoney. 	Picton Mahoney Tactical Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 26, 2012
PLG	Pilot Gold Inc. (Pilot Gold) is a Canada-based exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties located primarily in the United States and Turkey. The Company holds a 79.1% interest in Kinsley Gold LLC, which holds the underlying lease and directly held claims that comprise the Kinsley Mountain property. Kinsley is a sediment-hosted gold property hosting a past-producing mine located along the Long Canyon Trend in northeastern Nevada. Kinsley property consists of 480 claims. The Company also operates Goldstrike mineral property. The Company's TV Tower gold-silver-copper property consists of nine contiguous licenses and is located in northwestern Turkey. The Company's Halilaga copper-gold porphyry project is located in northwestern Turkey. 	Pilot Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	26	November 18, 2010
PRF.UN	PineBridge Investment Grade Preferred Securities Fund is a Canada-based investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of the Units (Unitholder) with monthly cash distributions; preserve the net asset value per Unit, and reduce the risk of rising interest rates by managing portfolio duration. The Fund invests in a portfolio of securities consisted of investment grade preferred securities. The Fund consists of Units and Class S Unit (the Units), and commenced operations. The Fund invests in bonds and debentures, and preferred shares in locations, including Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, Norway, Ireland, Germany, France, Cayman Islands, Brazil, Australia and the United States. PineBridge Investments LLC is the portfolio manager of the Fund. BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	Pinebridge Investment Grade Preferred Securities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	May 28, 2014
PNP	Pinetree Capital Ltd. is a diversified investment, financial advisory and venture capital company. The Company is focused on the small cap, junior resource exploration, technology and biotechnology markets. The Company's investment activities are in precious metals, uranium and technology. The Company invests in equity, as well as debt and convertible securities, which it acquires and holds both for longer-term capital appreciation and shorter-term gains. The Company's investment comprises securities of public and some private issuers in the start-up and early stages across various resource and technology sectors. In the natural resource sector, the Company invests in securities of issuers, which have proven or prospective resources in locations amenable to development of the resource. 	Pinetree Capital Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	18	May 11, 1962
PZA	Pizza Pizza Royalty Corp. is a Canada-based company, which owns the trademarks and trade names used by Pizza Pizza Limited (PPL) in its Pizza Pizza and Pizza 73 restaurants. PPL provides service and operational support to restaurant operators, including turn-key restaurants, a central food distribution center, which supplies all food and non-food items used in Pizza Pizza restaurant operations, and monitoring systems. Pizza Pizza is a franchise-oriented restaurant business operating primarily in the province of Ontario, in which it is engaged the pizza quick service restaurant (QSR) segment. The Company operates 102 Pizza 73 Brand locations in the QSR segment, principally in the province of Alberta. Pizza 73 has six traditional locations outside of Alberta; four in Saskatchewan, and two in British Columbia. Pizza 73 restaurants are owned and operated as independent businesses. Its subsidiaries include Pizza Pizza Royalty Limited Partnership and Pizza Pizza GP Inc. 	Pizza Pizza Royalty Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	1700	December 31, 2012
PNE	Pine Cliff Energy Ltd. (Pine Cliff) is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration and production company. Pine Cliff is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB). Pine Cliff's areas of production include Southern Assets, Carrot Creek/Edson and Minor properties. The company holds an approximately 95% of interest in a package of gas assets in southeast Alberta and minor interests in southwest Saskatchewan (collectively the Southern Assets). In Carrot Creek/Edson, it holds a working interest in a package of natural gas assets, which are located southeast of Edson, Alberta. Pine Cliff has, in aggregate, 23 gross sections of undeveloped land. Its minor properties include non-operated properties in the Sundance area of northwest Alberta, shallow natural gas assets in the Wetaskiwin area of northeast Alberta, and non-operated properties in the Harmatten, Garrington and Carstairs areas of central Alberta. 	Pine Cliff Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	46	October 1, 2013
PLZ.DB.B	nul	Plaza Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
PTM	Platinum Group Metals Ltd. (Platinum Group) is a platinum-focused exploration and development company. Platinum Group conducts work on mineral properties it has staked or acquired by way of option agreements in the Republic of South Africa and in Canada. The Company's business is focused on the construction of the Project 1 platinum mine and the exploration and initial engineering on the Waterberg Platinum deposit, where the Company is the operator of the 255 square kilometers Waterberg joint venture project (the Waterberg JV Project) with the Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation (JOGMEC) and Mnombo Wethu Consultants (Pty) Ltd. (Mnombo). The Company is the operator of the Waterberg Projects, consisting of the Waterberg JV Project and the Company's exploration on prospecting rights on the Waterberg Extension Project. 	Platinum Group Metals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	279	February 18, 2002
PLZ.DB.C	nul	Plaza Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
PNP.DB	nul	Pinetree Capital Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	--	
PLZ.DB.D	nul	Plaza Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
PTS	Points International Ltd. (Points) is a provider of e-commerce solutions for the loyalty rewards industry. The Company's products help the loyalty programs increase loyalty member engagement and leverage their online presence. The Company provides a range of e-commerce and technology services to loyalty program operators using a common infrastructure. These services include a range of white label or private branded e-commerce services (Loyalty Currency Services) that enable the sale of loyalty currencies (such as frequent flyer miles, hotel points and credit card points), both retail and wholesale, and enhance loyalty program consumer offerings and their back end operations. It offers a consumer focused reward management Website referred to by the Corporation as Points.com; a hotel booking engine and loyalty currency aggregator built for frequent travelers, the PointsHound.com Website. 	Points International Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	181	November 10, 2004
PLZ.UN	Plaza Retail REIT (Plaza) is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The Company's objective is to deliver a growing yield to unitholders from a diversified portfolio of retail properties. The Company is engaged to develop and redevelop unenclosed and enclosed retail real estate throughout Canada. Its developments and redevelopments are focused in Eastern Canada. The Company's portfolio includes interests in approximately 309 properties totaling approximately 6.7 million square feet (which are occupied by national tenants) and additional lands held for development. These include properties indirectly held by Plaza through its subsidiaries and through joint arrangements. Its subsidiaries include Plaza Master Limited Partnership, Lemarchant Property Holdings Inc., Plaza Retail Limited Partnership, Bedford Commons 2 Property Holdings Inc., Plaza Group Management Limited and Scott's Real Estate Limited Partnership, among others. 	Plaza Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	5	November 1, 2013
PIF	Polaris Infrastructure Inc., formerly Ram Power, Corp., is a renewable energy company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of geothermal energy projects, with an operating project in Nicaragua and development projects in the United States and Canada. Its portfolio of geothermal exploration properties consists of the Casita, Orita and Clayton Valley project. The Casita project is located in northwest Nicaragua in the Department of Chinandega. The Company, through its subsidiary Polaris Energy Nicaragua, S.A. (PENSA), owns and operates a 72 megawatt/day capacity geothermal facility. The San Jacinto project is located in northwest Nicaragua approximately 90 kilometers northwest of Managua. The San Jacinto project exploitation agreement covers an area of 40 square kilometers. Its portfolio of geothermal exploration properties also consists of Delcer Butte, Reese River and Barren Hills in Nevada, New River and Keystone and South Meager Creek. 	Polaris Infrastructure Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	192	January 1, 2010
PLS	Polaris Materials Corporation is engaged in the development and operation of construction aggregate quarries in Canada to supply distribution facilities in the United States through coastal shipping. The Companys active construction aggregates interests consist of an 88% ownership in the Orca Sand and Gravel Quarry in British Columbia and interests in two associated receiving terminals in Richmond and Long Beach, California. The Company also holds a 70% interest in the possible development of a second quarry in British Columbia, the Eagle Rock Quarry Project. The Company's Orca Quarry produces sand and gravel aggregates for use in concrete manufacture. The Orca Quarry is a large deposit of sand and gravel located on northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia. The Company has other resources and interests in Port Alberni and Port McNeill on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. 	Polaris Materials Corp	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	58	May 14, 1999
PBL	Pollard Banknote Limited (Pollard) is a provider of products and services to the lottery and charitable gaming industries across the world. The Company produces and provides a line of instant tickets and lottery services, including licensed products, distribution, retail telephone selling (tel-sell), marketing, iLottery, interactive gaming, Social Instants, retail management services and instant ticket vending machines. In addition, Pollard's charitable gaming product line includes pull-tab tickets, bingo paper, pull-tab vending machines and ancillary products, such as pull-tab counting machines. Pollard also markets products to the commercial gaming and security sector, including items, such as promotional scratch and win tickets, transit tickets and parking passes. Pollard serves over 50 instant ticket lotteries around the world. Pollard serves customers in the charitable gaming market with over 250 independent distributors. 	Pollard Banknote Ltd.	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Casinos & Gaming	1040	March 26, 2010
POM	PolyMet Mining Corp. (PolyMet) is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company's sole mineral property is the NorthMet Project, which consists of NorthMet copper-nickel-precious metals ore body. The NorthMet Project covers a total of approximately 16,700 acres or 25.9 square miles. The Erie Plant consists of crushing, grinding and milling facility. The Erie Plant is located approximately six miles from the ore body in the mining district of the Mesabi Iron Range in northeastern Minnesota, the United States. 	Polymet Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	24	March 4, 1981
PNC.B	Postmedia Network Canada Corp. is a publisher of English-language daily newspapers in Canada. The Companys business consists of news and information gathering and dissemination operations, with products offered in major Canadian markets and a number of regional and local markets in Canada through a variety of print, web, tablet and smartphone platforms. The Companys brands include National Post, The Vancouver Sun, The Province, Calgary Herald, Edmonton Journal, Leader-Post, The StarPhoenix, Ottawa Citizen, The Windsor Star and Montreal Gazette, among others. The Companys distribution is primarily outsourced to third party suppliers. 	Postmedia Network Canada Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	2826	April 26, 2010
POT	Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc is a fertilizer company. The Company operates in three business segments: potash, nitrogen and phosphate. The Company owns and operates five potash operations in Saskatchewan and one in New Brunswick. Its nitrogen operations involve the production of nitrogen fertilizers and nitrogen feed and industrial products, including ammonia, urea, nitrogen solutions, ammonium nitrate and nitric acid. It has nitrogen facilities in Georgia, Louisiana, Ohio and Trinidad. The Companys phosphate operations include the manufacture and sale of solid and liquid phosphate fertilizers, phosphate feed and industrial acid, which is used in food products and industrial processes. It has phosphate mines and mineral processing plant complexes in Florida and North Carolina. The Company also has four phosphate feed plants in the United States and produce phosphoric acid at its Geismar, Louisiana facility. 	Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	5395	May 15, 2002
PAY	Posera Ltd., formerly Posera-HDX Limited, is a Canada-based company engaged in the business of managing merchant transactions with consumers and facilitating payments. The Company develops and deploys touch screen point-of-sale (POS) system software and associated enterprise management tools. It offers Maitre 'D and FingerPrints POS solutions. Its FingerPrints POS solution is built for quick service restaurants, and offers customizable screens and screen layout for speed of service. Its Maitre 'D is a hardware agnostic, and provides an end-to-end solution, including back-office, mobile applications, and a Web-based enterprise solution. Its full service solutions include integrated and non-integrated debit and credit processing; Europay, MasterCard and Visa (EMV) compliant Pay-At-The-Table (PATT) applications; system hardware integration services; merchant staff training; system installation services, and post-sale software and hardware customer support. 	Posera Ltd	Technology	Software	145	January 1, 2010
POW	Power Corporation of Canada is a diversified management and holding company. The Company has interest in the financial services, communications and other business sectors. Its principal asset is the controlling interest in Power Financial, which controls Lifeco and IGM. Power Financial Europe B.V., a subsidiary of Power Financial, and Frere Group of Belgium together have a controlling interest in Parges. Lifeco offers life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment services, and is engaged in the asset management and reinsurance business. IGM Financial is a financial services company. It operates through its subsidiaries, including Square Victoria Communications Group, a 100% owned company engaged in the communications and media industry, and Power Energy, holding investments in renewable energy companies: Potentia Solar and Eagle Creek. It also operates equity investment funds in three geographies: Sagard Europe, Sagard Capital in the United States and Sagard China. 	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	28000	June 13, 1980
POW.PR.B	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
PRK	Potash Ridge Corporation is a Canada-based exploration and development-stage company. The principal activity of the Company is the exploration, development and production of mineral resources. The Company is focused on the exploration of alunite in order to produce sulphate of potash (SOP), co-product sulphuric acid and alumina. The Company's principal mineral project is the Blawn Mountain project, which consists of 23.5 sections of land owned by the State of Utah, acting by and through the School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration, and covering around 15,404 acres of land located in Beaver County, Utah. The Company operates through the exploration, evaluation and development of mineral properties segment. The Company did not generate any revenues. 	Potash Ridge Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4	October 21, 2011
POW.PR.C	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
POW.PR.A	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
PNC.A	Postmedia Network Canada Corp. is a publisher of English-language daily newspapers in Canada. The Companys business consists of news and information gathering and dissemination operations, with products offered in major Canadian markets and a number of regional and local markets in Canada through a variety of print, web, tablet and smartphone platforms. The Companys brands include National Post, The Vancouver Sun, The Province, Calgary Herald, Edmonton Journal, Leader-Post, The StarPhoenix, Ottawa Citizen, The Windsor Star and Montreal Gazette, among others. The Companys distribution is primarily outsourced to third party suppliers. 	Postmedia Network Canada Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	2826	April 26, 2010
POW.PR.E	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
POW.PR.F	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
POW.PR.D	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
PWF	Power Financial Corporation is a diversified management and holding company that has interests, directly or indirectly, in companies in the financial services sector in Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia. The Company operates in three segments: Lifeco, IGM and Parjointco. The Lifeco segment offers life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment management services, and is engaged in the asset management and reinsurance business primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe. IGM Financial segment offers advices for the financial services market in Canada. Parjointco holds its interest in Pargesa Holding SA, a holding company which holds interests in European companies of various sector, including specialty minerals; cement, aggregates and concrete; oil, gas and alternative energies; testing, inspection and certification, wines and spirits; electricity, natural gas, and energy and environmental services, and water and waste management services. 	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	0	December 4, 1986
PWF.PR.A	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
POW.PR.G	nul	Power Corporation of Canada	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
PWF.PR.E	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.F	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.H	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.G	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.K	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.I	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.O	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.L	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.P	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.Q	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.S	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.T	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PWF.PR.R	nul	Power Financial Corp	Financials	Insurance - Multiline	--	
PSB	nul	PowerShares 1-5 Year Lad Inv Grade Corp Bd Idx ETF			--	
PFL	nul	PowerShares 1-3 Year Laddered Floating Rate Note Index ETF			--	
PDC	nul	PowerShares Canadian Dividend Index ETF			--	
PXC	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI Canadian Fundamental Idx ETF			--	
PPS	nul	PowerShares Canadian Preferred Share Index ETF			--	
PZW	nul	PS FTSE RAFI Global Small-Mid Fundamental ETF			--	
PSY	nul	PS Global Shareholder Yield ETF			--	
PZW.U	nul	PS FTSE RAFI Global Small-Mid Fundamental ETF			--	
USB	nul	PowerShares LadderRite US 0-5 Yr Corp Bd Idx CAD			--	
PZC	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI Canadian Small Mid Fundamental Index ETF			--	
PFH	nul	PowerShares Fundamental HY Corp Bd Idx ETF Hedged			--	
PXG.U	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI Global Fundamental Index ETF			--	
PSY.U	nul	PS Global Shareholder Yield ETF			--	
USB.U	nul	PowerShares LadderRite US 0-5 Yr Corp Bd Idx CAD			--	
PXS.U	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI US Fundamental Index ETF			--	
PXS	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI US Fundamental Index ETF			--	
PXU	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI US Fdmn (CAD Hgd) Idx ETF			--	
PXG	nul	PowerShares FTSE RAFI Global Fundamental Index ETF			--	
PTB	nul	PowerShares Tactical Bond ETF			--	
TLV	nul	PowerShares S&P/TSX Comp Low Volatility Idx ETF			--	
QQC	nul	PowerShares QQQ (CAD Hedged) Index ETF			--	
PSK	PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. (PrairieSky) is a royalty-focused company. The Company is focused on encouraging third parties to develop the Royalty Assets, while seeking additional petroleum and natural gas assets that provide the Company with medium-term to long-term value enhancement potential. It does not directly conduct operations to explore for, develop or produce petroleum or natural gas, rather, third party development of the Royalty Assets provides the Company with royalty revenues. PrairieSky operates in the provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan and British Columbia. PrairieSky's asset base includes a portfolio of fee lands located in Alberta that encompasses approximately 5.3 million acres with petroleum and/or natural gas rights, an additional 1.1 million acres in coal and approximately 3.4 million acres of GORR Lands and 0.4 million of other acreage. The Company has royalty interests in over 24,000 wells and receives royalties from over 285 industry payors. 	PrairieSky Royalty Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	November 27, 2013
ULV	nul	PowerShares S&P 500 Low Volatility CADHdgd Idx ETF			--	
PLV	nul	PowerShares Low Volatility Portfolio ETF			--	
ELV	nul	PowerShares S&P Emerging Markets Low Volatility Index ETF			--	
ILV	nul	PowerShares S&P International Developed Low Volatility Index ETF			--	
PGL	nul	PowerShares Ultra Liquid Long Term Gov Bd Idx ETF			--	
BKL	nul	PowerShares Senior Loan (CAD Hedged) Index ETF			--	
PBU.UN	nul	Precious Metals Bullion Trust			--	
MMP.UN	nul	Precious Metals And Mining Trust			--	
PSF.UN	nul	Preferred Share Investment Trust			--	
PD	Precision Drilling Corporation (Precision) is an oilfield services company. The Company provides contract drilling, well servicing and strategic support services to customers. It provides customers with access to a fleet of contract drilling rigs, directional drilling services, well service and snubbing rigs, coiled tubing services, camps, rental equipment, and water treatment units backed by a mix of technical support services. The Company provides the equipment, personnel and support services, which enables drill, complete and workover onshore wells for conventional and unconventional crude oil and natural gas exploration and production. The Company's service lines include Drilling Rigs (Canada), Drilling Rigs (United States), Drilling Rigs (International), Directional Drilling (Canada and United States), Rig Builds and Repair Turnkey Drilling Services, Oilfield Supplies (Canada and United States) and Oilfield Equipment Rentals, among others. 	Precision Drilling Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	4337	September 22, 2005
PBH	Premium Brands Holdings Corporation, through its subsidiaries, owns a range of specialty food manufacturing and differentiated food distribution businesses with operations in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, Nevada, Ohio, and Washington State. The Company services a range of customers located across North America and its family of brands and businesses include Grimm's, Harvest, McSweeney's, Bread Garden Go, Hygaard, Hempler's, Quality Fast Foods, Direct Plus, Harlan Fairbanks, Creekside Bakehouse, Stuyver's Bakestudio, Centennial Foodservice, B&C Food Distributors, Shahir, Wescadia, Duso's, Maximum Seafood, SK Food Group, OvenPride, Hub City Fisheries, Audrey's, Deli Chef, Piller's and Freybe. The Company's segments include Retail, Foodservice and corporate costs (Corporate). The Retail segment consists of its specialty food manufacturing and retail distribution businesses. The Foodservice segment consists of its foodservice related businesses. 	Premium Brands Holdings Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	4008	March 14, 2007
PG	Premier Gold Mines Limited is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is focused on exploring for and development of gold deposits in Canada, the United States and Mexico. The Company's principal assets include the Hardrock and Brookbank properties located along the Trans-Canada highway and the Rahill-Bonanza property in the Red Lake mining district within Northwestern Ontario, Canada and the McCoy-Cove property located in Nevada in the United States. In Canada, the Company has properties in two districts and the Beardmore-Geraldton Greenstone Belt and the Red Lake Mining District (which also includes the Musselwhite area). In the United States, the Company is focused its McCoy-Cove Gold Property in the Eureka-Battle Mountain trend in Nevada, where ongoing exploration activities are focused on advancing both open pit and underground deposit opportunities. 	Premier Gold Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	47	May 29, 2006
PIC.A	Premium Income Corporation (the Fund) is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Preferred Shares with cumulative preferential quarterly cash distributions in the amount of $0.215625 per share; to provide holders of Class A Shares with quarterly cash distributions equal to the amount, if any, by which the net realized capital gains, dividends and option premiums (other than option premiums in respect of options outstanding at year-end) earned on the Fund's portfolio in any year, net of expenses and loss carry-forwards, exceed the amount of the distributions paid on the Preferred Shares, and to return the issue price on the initial public offering of the shares to holders of both Preferred Shares and Class A Shares at the time of redemption of such shares. The manager and investment manager of the Fund is Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. 	Premium Income Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 27, 1996
PBH.DB.C	nul	Premium Brands Holdings Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	
PIC.PR.A	nul	Premium Income Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PBH.DB.D	nul	Premium Brands Holdings Corp	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	
PDV.PR.A	nul	Prime Dividend Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
PDV	Prime Dividend Corp. is a mutual fund company. The Company's investment objective is to invest primarily in a portfolio of common shares. The Company may also invest up to 20% of its Net Asset Value in equity securities of issuers in the financial services or utilities sectors in Canada or the United States. The Company offers two types of shares: Preferred Shares and Class A Shares. The investment objectives with respect to the Preferred shares is to provide holders of Preferred Shares with cumulative floating rate monthly cash dividends at a rate per annum equal to the prevailing Canadian prime rate plus 0.75%, with a minimum annual rate of 5% and a maximum annual rate of 7% based on the original issue price ($10) of the Preferred shares. The Company invests in a range of sectors, which include banks, life insurance companies, investment management companies and utilities and other sectors. Quadravest Capital Management Inc. is the manager and investment manager for the Company. 	Prime Dividend Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	September 27, 2005
P.DB.U	nul	Primero Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
PVG	Pretium Resources Inc. is a Canada-based exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal resource properties in the Americas. The Company's wholly owned projects include Brucejack Project and the Snowfield Project. The Company's only material mineral project for the purposes of NI 43-101 is the Brucejack Project. The Company's Brucejack Project is an advanced-stage exploration project located in north-western British Columbia and consists of 11 mineral claims totaling 3,199.28 hectares in area. The Company's Snowfield Project borders the Brucejack Project to the north and consists of one mineral claim with an area of approximately 1,267.43 hectares. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries, Pretium Exploration Inc. and 0890696 B.C. Ltd, which hold the Company's interests in the Brucejack Project and the assets related thereto. 	Pretium Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 22, 2010
P.DB.V	nul	Primero Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
P	Primero Mining Corp. is a Canada-based precious metals producer. The Company is focused on building a portfolio of precious metals assets in the Americas through acquiring, exploring, developing and operating mineral resource properties. It operates in the Mexico and Canada segments. It owns two producing properties: the San Dimas gold-silver mine, located in Mexico's San Dimas district, on the border of Durango and Sinaloa states and the Black Fox mine located in the Township of Black River Matheson, Ontario, Canada. The Company owns properties adjacent to the Black Fox mine: Grey Fox and Pike River, which together with the Black Fox mine and the Black Fox mill, located on the Stock Mill property, comprise the Black Fox Complex. In addition, it owns one development-stage project; the Cerro del Gallo gold-silver-copper project, located in the state of Guanajuato in central Mexico. Further, the Company has one exploration property, Ventanas, located in Durango State, Mexico. 	Primero Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 26, 2007
PMN	Amorfix Life Sciences Ltd. (Amorfix) is a Canada-based product development company focused on therapeutic antibodies and diagnostics for the diagnosis and treatment of misfolded protein diseases, including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), cancer and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Its technology includes the Epitope Protection technology, ProMIS and AMFIA. Amorfix's technology targets misfolded superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) through a passive infusion of manufactured monoclonal antibodies and an active immunization approach to elicit the production of similar antibodies by the patient's own immune system. The Company is engaged in the development of a blood test that measures misfolded SOD1 in blood, for the diagnosis of ALS. Amorfix has developed both a preclinical test for detection and measurement of aggregated Abeta, a recognized biomarker for AD, in animal models and a test for the detection of aggregated Abeta in human clinical samples. 	Promis Neurosciences Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	--	September 21, 2005
PSD	Pulse Seismic Inc. is engaged in acquisition, marketing and licensing of two-dimensional (2D) and three-dimensional (3D) seismic data for the energy sector in Western Canada. Seismic data is used by oil and natural gas exploration and development companies to identify portions of geological formations that have the potential to hold hydrocarbons. The Company owns and manages licensable seismic data library in Western Canada Sedimentary Basin (WCSB), consisting of approximately 28,300 net square kilometers of 3D seismic and 340,000 net kilometers of 2D seismic. 	Pulse Seismic Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	18	January 1, 2009
PLI	ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (ProMetic) is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company offers solutions in bioseparations, plasma-derived therapeutics and small-molecule drug development. ProMetic offers its technologies for large-scale purification of biologics, drug development, proteomics and the elimination of pathogens. The Company operates through two segments: Therapeutics and Protein Technology. Therapeutics segment is a small molecule drug discovery business. It has lead compounds, namely PBI-4050 indicated for the treatment of fibrosis in patients with chronic kidney diseases and certain cancers, and the side effects associated with chemotherapy. Protein Technology segment contains the financial information of the activities, including BioTherapeutics, Bioseparation and Prion Capture/Pathogen Removal. 	ProMetic Life Sciences Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	197	October 14, 1994
BIN	Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd. is a waste management company. The Company provides non-hazardous solid waste collection, recycling and disposal services to commercial, industrial, municipal and residential customers in approximately 13 United States and the District of Columbia and six Canadian provinces. The Company conducts its business through three geographic regions: the East, West and North regions. The Companys East region includes Florida, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia. The West region includes Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri and Illinois. The North region includes the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Ontario and Quebec. 	Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd	Industrials	Environmental Services	6575	May 20, 2009
PBI	nul	Purpose Best Ideas Fund			--	
PUR	Pure Technologies Ltd. (Pure) is engaged in development and application of technologies for inspection, monitoring and managing physical infrastructure, including water and hydrocarbon pipelines, buildings and bridges. The Company's main business streams include sale of monitoring systems for pipe lines, bridges and structures; technical services utilizing pipe line inspection , leak detection and condition assessment technologies, and specialized engineering services in areas related to asset management, primarily in the area of pipeline condition assessment for water and waste water infrastructure. The Company also offers monitoring installations, using the monitoring equipment, including data analysis and site maintenance. Its technologies include SoundPrint acoustic monitoring technology; SoundPrint Acoustic Fibre-Optic technology; Armadillo Tracks Remote Tracking Units, a PureHM technology; PureEM electromagnetic technology; SmartBall in-line inspection technology, and others. 	Pure Technologies Ltd	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	340	December 18, 1995
AAR.UN	Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (PIRET) is a Canada-based unincorporated, open-ended investment trust that owns and operates a diversified portfolio of income-producing industrial properties. It is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that focuses exclusively on investing in industrial properties. The Trust is engaged in acquiring, owning and operating a portfolio of income producing industrial properties. PIRET's portfolio consists of around 171 income producing properties representing gross leasable area (GLA) of approximately 15.6 million square feet. In addition, PIRET's portfolio consists of around three properties under development representing 600,000 sf of GLA. The Trust has eight segments: British Columbia (BC), Alberta (AB), Saskatchewan (SK), Manitoba (MB), Ontario (ON), Quebec (QC), New Brunswick (NB) and the United States (U.S.). 	Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	0	June 24, 2007
PBI.B	nul	Purpose Best Ideas Fund			--	
PRA	nul	Purpose Diversified Real Asset Series A			--	
PCY	Prophecy Development Corp., formerly Prophecy Coal Corp., is a Canada-based company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral, mining and energy projects in Mongolia, Bolivia and Canada. The Company owns a 100% interest in coal projects in Mongolia, including the Ulaan Ovoo coal property, the Khavtgai Uul and Chandgana Tal coal deposits (collectively the Chandgana Coal Properties). The Ulaan Ovoo thermal coal mine is located 17 kilometers from the Russian border. The mine features a single massive coal seam that is 45 to 80 meters thick with an average strip ratio of 1.8:1. The Chandgana Coal Properties are located in Khentii Aimag in eastern Mongolia. The project is within the Nyalga Coal Basin and consists of exploration and mining licenses, which host a measured resource of 633 million tons and an indicated resource of 539 million tons of thermal coal. 	Prophecy Development Corp	Energy	Coal	95	November 6, 1978
PDF	nul	Purpose Core Dividend Series A			--	
PHR	nul	Purpose Duration Hedged Real Estate Fund			--	
PEU	nul	Purpose Enhanced US Equity			--	
PEU.B	nul	Purpose Enhanced US Equity Non-Currency Hedged			--	
PHW	nul	Purpose International Tactical Hedged Equity ETF			--	
PID	nul	Purpose International Dividend ETF			--	
PMM	nul	Purpose Multi-Strategy Market Neutral			--	
PSA	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
BND	nul	Purpose Tactical Investment Grade Bond Fund ETF			--	
PHE	nul	Purpose Tactical Hedged Equity Fund			--	
PYF	nul	Purpose Premium Yield Fund			--	
PIN	nul	Purpose Monthly Income Series A			--	
PHE.B	nul	Purpose Tactical Hedged Equity ETF Non-FX Hedged			--	
PWC	PWC Capital Inc. is a Canada-based holding company. The Company, through its principal subsidiary, Pacific & Western Bank of Canada (the Bank), provides lending services to selected niche markets and receives deposits through a diversified deposit broker network. The Bank has two primary business activities: deposit services and lending services. Deposits, consisting of guaranteed investment certificates and daily interest savings accounts, are raised through a diversified network of brokers across Canada. Deposit services are located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The Bank finances real estate developers and also provides consumer lending through its private label credit card program. The Banks loan portfolio is categorized into government financings, residential multi-family mortgages, commercial and consumer loans and leases, commercial mortgages and consumer lending. 	PWC Capital Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	78	January 1, 2002
PWC.NT.C	nul	PWC Capital Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	
PWC.PR.A	nul	PWC Capital Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	
PBD	nul	Purpose Total Return Bond Series A			--	
PWC.PR.B	nul	PWC Capital Inc	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	
PUD	nul	Purpose US Dividend ETF Units			--	
PSU.U	nul	Purpose US Cash ETF			--	
PUD.B	nul	Purpose US Dividend Non Currency Hedged ETF Units			--	
QLT	QLT Inc. (QLT) is a biotechnology company engaged in the development and commercialization of ocular products. QLT is engaged in the development of QLT091001 for the treatment of Leber congenital amaurosis (LCA) and retinitis pigmentosa (RP). QLT091001 is an orally administered synthetic retinoid replacement for 11-cis-retinal, a biochemical component of the visual retinoid cycle, and is used for the treatment of certain age-related and inherited retinal degenerative diseases. The Company's QLT091001 product candidate has completed a Phase Ib retreatment study for the treatment of LCA and RP, a Phase Ib study for the treatment of RP with autosomal dominant mutation in retinal pigment epithelium protein 65 (RPE65) and a Phase IIa study for the treatment of impaired dark adaptation (IDA). QLT091001 has received orphan drug designations for the treatment of LCA and RP by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA). 	QLT Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	31	1981
QBR.A	Quebecor Inc. is a Canada-based holding company. The Company operates, through its subsidiaries, in the following industry segments: Telecommunications, Media, and Sports and Entertainment. The Telecommunications segment offers television distribution, Internet, business solutions, cable and mobile telephony services in Canada. The operations of the Media segment include the printing, publishing and distribution of daily newspapers, the printing of commercial inserts, the operation of an over-the-air television network, soundstage and equipment leasing and post-production services for the film and television industries. The activities of the Sports and Entertainment segment encompass show production, sporting and cultural events management, music production, distribution and streaming, the operation of two Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) teams, and the operation and management of the future Quebec City amphitheater. 	Quebecor Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	15710	January 8, 1965
QBR.B	Quebecor Inc. is a Canada-based holding company. The Company operates, through its subsidiaries, in the following industry segments: Telecommunications, Media, and Sports and Entertainment. The Telecommunications segment offers television distribution, Internet, business solutions, cable and mobile telephony services in Canada. The operations of the Media segment include the printing, publishing and distribution of daily newspapers, the printing of commercial inserts, the operation of an over-the-air television network, soundstage and equipment leasing and post-production services for the film and television industries. The activities of the Sports and Entertainment segment encompass show production, sporting and cultural events management, music production, distribution and streaming, the operation of two Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) teams, and the operation and management of the future Quebec City amphitheater. 	Quebecor Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	15710	January 8, 1965
QRI	nul	Questrade Russell 1000 EW US Ind Ix ETF Hdg-CAD			--	
QRH	nul	Questrade Russell 1000 EW US HlthCa Ix ETF Hdg-CAD			--	
QRM	Quest Rare Minerals Ltd. (Quest) is a Canada-based exploration and evaluation company. The Company is focused on the development of its Strange Lake rare earth elements (REE) deposit in northeastern Quebec and the engineering and construction of a processing facility in southern Quebec. The Strange Lake mining property consists of around 211 claims and is located to the northeast of Schefferville and approximately 125 kilometers west of the Voiseys Bay nickel-copper-cobalt mine, which covers an area of 9,367 hectares. Vales nickel-copper mine at Voiseys Bay is located to the east of Strange Lake, on the Labrador coast. Exploration work on the Strange Lake Project has been focused around the Strange Lake B-Zone REE deposit. The Misery Lake mining property consists of a single claim block comprising 170 claims located in Quebec, which is located to the south of Strange Lake Project and covers approximately 8,334 hectares. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary QTM Extraction Ltd. 	Quest Rare Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	June 6, 2007
QRM.WT	nul	Quest Rare Minerals Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
QRT	nul	Questrade Russell 1000 EW US Tch Ix ETF Hdg-CAD			--	
QEC	Questerre Energy Corporation (Questerre) is a Canada-based independent energy company. The Company's principal operating areas include Kakwa-Resthaven, Alberta; Antler, Saskatchewan; Oil Shale Mining, and St. Lawrence Lowlands, Quebec. The Company holds 21,600 (13,560 net) acres in Kakwa-Resthaven area, including a 100% working interest and operatorship of 10,880 net acres. The Antler area is approximately 200 kilometers from Regina in southeast Saskatchewan. The primary target is light oil from the Bakken/Torquay formation. Oil shale assets include acreage in Saskatchewan and Wyoming and the licensing rights to a process to produce oil from shale developed by Red Leaf Resources Inc. The Lowlands are situated in Quebec, south of the St. Lawrence River between Montreal and Quebec City. The area is prospective for natural gas in several horizons with primary target being the Utica shale. Secondary targets include the shallower Lorraine shale and the deeper Trenton Black-River carbonate. 	Questerre Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	19	June 6, 2008
QCP	nul	Questrade Fixed Income Core Plus ETF			--	
QRD	nul	Questrade Russell 1000 EW US ConDis Ix ETF Hdg-CAD			--	
QGE	nul	Questrade Global Total Equity ETF			--	
QMG	nul	Questrade Russell US Midcap Growth Idx ETF Hdg-CAD			--	
QMV	nul	Questrade Russell US Midcap Value Idx ETF Hdg-CAD			--	
RBS	R Split III Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund company. The Company holds common shares of Royal Bank of Canada (Royal Bank Shares) in order to generate income for the holders of the Company's Class B Preferred Shares (the Preferred Shares) and to enable the holders of the Company's Class A Capital Shares (the Capital Shares) to participate in any capital appreciation in the Royal Bank Shares and to benefit from any increase in the dividends payable on the Royal Bank Shares. The policy of the Company is to invest in Royal Bank Shares and not engage in trading except in limited circumstances, including fund retractions or redemptions of Capital Shares and Preferred Shares. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. (SMCAI) owns all of the issued and outstanding Class S shares of the Company. 	R Split III Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 30, 2007
RLB	nul	RBC 1 5 Year Laddered Canadian Bond ETF			--	
RHI	nul	RBC Quant EAFE Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RBO	nul	RBC 1 5 Year Laddered Corporate Bond ETF			--	
RBS.PR.B	nul	R Split III Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
RCD	nul	RBC Quant Canadian Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RID.U	nul	RBC Quant EAFE Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RID	nul	RBC Quant EAFE Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RCE	nul	RBC Quant Canadian Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RRX	Raging River Exploration Inc. is a Canada-based crude oil and natural gas exploration, development and production company. The Company's operations are focused in the Dodsland area of southwest Saskatchewan. The Company has an approximate total of 58,111 net acres of undeveloped land in its area of Dodsland in southwest Saskatchewan. 	Raging River Exploration Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	34	December 15, 2011
RRF.UN	Raven Rock Strategic Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to maximize total returns to unitholders while reducing risk; to provide unitholders with attractive monthly tax-advantaged cash distributions; mitigate the impact of market and interest rate risks through the use of hedging strategies, and mitigate the impact of foreign exchange risks through the use of currency hedging strategies. The Fund's manager is Arrow Capital Management Inc. The Fund's portfolio advisor is Raven Rock Capital Management, LLC. 	Raven Rock Strategic Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 29, 2012
RAV.UN	Ravensource Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The principal investment objective of the Fund is to achieve absolute annual returns, with an emphasis on capital gains, through investment in selected North American securities. The Fund invests primarily in high yielding securities, distressed securities and special situation equity securities. The Fund is seeking investment opportunities from situations that are overlooked by traditional investors. It focuses on capturing value from the turnaround and recovery of financially distressed securities and from other deep-value investments. Stornoway Portfolio Management Inc. is the investment manager for the Fund. 	Ravensource Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	March 17, 1997
RHF	nul	RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders CAD Hedged ETF			--	
RXE	nul	RBC Quant Emerging Markets Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RUD	nul	RBC Quant U S Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RIE	nul	RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RXE.U	nul	RBC Quant Emerging Markets Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RUD.U	nul	RBC Quant U S Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RPD.U	nul	RBC Quant European Dividend Leaders Hedged ETF			--	
RPD	nul	RBC Quant European Dividend Leaders Hedged ETF			--	
RIE.U	nul	RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RXD.U	nul	RBC Quant Emerging Markets Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RXD	nul	RBC Quant Emerging Markets Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RHP	nul	RBC Quant European Dividend Leaders Hedged ETF			--	
RHU	nul	RBC Quant U S Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RHS	nul	RBC Quant US Equity Leaders CAD Hedged ETF			--	
RUE	nul	RBC Quant US Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RUE.U	nul	RBC Quant US Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RLD	nul	RBC Strategic Global Dividend Leaders ETF			--	
RQD	nul	RBC Target 2016 Corp Bd ETF			--	
RLE	nul	RBC Strategic Global Equity Leaders ETF			--	
RQH	nul	RBC Target 2020 Corporate Bd Index ETF			--	
RQE	nul	RBC Target 2017 Corporate Bond Index ETF			--	
RQI	nul	RBC Target 2021 Corp Bond ETF			--	
RQG	nul	RBC Target 2019 Corporate Bond ETF			--	
RQF	nul	RBC Target 2018 Corporate Bd Index ETF			--	
RC	RDM Corp is a Canada-based is a provider of Remote Deposit Capture (RDC) and complex desktop remittance processing solutions. The Company processes approximately $600 billion annually and helps corporations and financial institutions increase revenue, expand market share and improve customer service. It provides both software and hardware solutions including web-based and mobile RDC for large corporate clients and small businesses, transactional data management, and manufactures a wide range of digital imaging scanners. Payment processing solutions include Remote Deposit Capture, Remittance processing, Image Cash Letter and Data Management. Digital imaging solutions include checking scanners, All-in-one payment terminal, Magnetic Ink Character Recognition and Image Quality Control. 	RDM Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	January 23, 1987
RAI.UN	Real Asset Income and Growth Fund (RAIGF) is a Canada-based trust fund company engaged in the investment trusts industry. The Company provides financial investment services and closed-end investment trusts comprised primarily of publicly traded securities of issuers with exposure to income producing physical assets in the infrastructure and real estate sectors. RAIFG is managed and promoted by Fiera Capital Corporation and Nuveen Asset Management LLC provides portfolio management services to the Fund. The Company is active in Canada. 	Real Asset Income and Growth Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
RDK	Redhawk Resources, Inc. (Redhawk) and its wholly owned subsidiaries are engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resources. The Company is focused on developing the Copper Creek Project, which is an advanced-stage copper-molybdenum project located in San Manuel, Arizona. The Copper Creek Project is located in the southwest porphyry copper belt in the State of Arizona, approximately 70 miles northeast of Tucson and approximately 15 miles northeast of San Manuel. The Copper Creek Project hosts multiple breccia and porphyry copper deposits. Both deposit types include copper resources. The deposits identified on the Copper Creek Project include Mammoth, Childs-Aldwinkle, Old Reliable, Copper Prince and Globe breccias, plus the Keel and American Eagle porphyries. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Redhawk Copper, Inc. (RDK Copper) and Redhawk Resources (USA), Inc. 	Redhawk Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 8, 1983
IDR.UN	nul	REIT INDEXPLUS Income Fund			--	
RET	Reitmans (Canada) Limited is a Canada-based company engaged in the sale of women's specialty apparel at retail. The Company operates six retail banners: Reitmans, Penningtons, Addition Elle, RW & CO., Thyme Maternity and Smart Set. The Company also offers e-commerce Website shopping for all of its banners. The Reitmans banner is a women's apparel specialty chain and fashion brand operating 341 stores. Penningtons offers trend-right styles for plus-size fashion sizes 1432. Addition Elle is a fashion destination for plus-size women. RW & CO. operates 76 stores and offers fashions for men and women. Thyme Maternity is a fashion brand for moms-to-be and offers a complete line of nursing fashions and accessories. With 94 stores, Smart Set is a style destination offering women's fashions from wear-to-work separates, denim, essentials and accessories. 	Reitmans Canada Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Apparel & Accessories	4000	August 2, 1998
RET.A	Reitmans (Canada) Limited is a Canada-based company engaged in the sale of women's specialty apparel at retail. The Company operates six retail banners: Reitmans, Penningtons, Addition Elle, RW & CO., Thyme Maternity and Smart Set. The Company also offers e-commerce Website shopping for all of its banners. The Reitmans banner is a women's apparel specialty chain and fashion brand operating 341 stores. Penningtons offers trend-right styles for plus-size fashion sizes 1432. Addition Elle is a fashion destination for plus-size women. RW & CO. operates 76 stores and offers fashions for men and women. Thyme Maternity is a fashion brand for moms-to-be and offers a complete line of nursing fashions and accessories. With 94 stores, Smart Set is a style destination offering women's fashions from wear-to-work separates, denim, essentials and accessories. 	Reitmans Canada Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Apparel & Accessories	4000	August 2, 1998
RKN	Redknee Solutions Inc. (Redknee) is a Canada-based global provider of innovative communication software products, solutions and services. Redknee operates in telecommunications software and offers software products and related services, and hardware. The Company's software products, manage and analyze real-time, complex and critical network operations, such as service provisioning, network management and customer care, and provide real-time rating, charging and billing. The Company provides innovative converged billing, charging, customer care, and payments solutions for voice, messaging and data services to over 200 service providers in over 90 countries Redknee Solutions Inc. owns Redknee Inc. and its various subsidiaries. 	Redknee Solutions Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	November 1, 2006
RDL	Redline Communications Group Inc. is Canada-based company, which develops and markets ruggedized wireless infrastructure solutions and widearea wireless networks for the applications and locations. These solutions provide voice, data, video and Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communications in remote areas. The Company operates in four segments: Energy/Digital Oilfields, deploying its low-latency solutions to provide a communication blanket across oilfields that deliver M2M and personal communications; Military, providing battlefield communications to support people and equipment in the battlefield; Municipal Governments, delivering video surveillance camera footage and highway and other infrastructure information in real-time to centralized control centers, and Telecom Service Providers, delivering wireless broadband access to underserved locations. Its operating locations include the deserts of the Middle East, the rainforests of South America, and the frozen Alaskan slopes. 	Redline Communications Group Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	120	September 14, 2007
RBM	Response Biomedical Corp. (Response) is a Canada-based company engaged in the research, development, commercialization and distribution of diagnostic technologies for the medical central-lab testing, point of care (POC) testing and on-site environmental testing markets. The Company develops, manufactures and sells its RAMP system for the global medical point of care market, including cardiovascular testing, infectious disease testing market and the on-site environmental testing market, including biodefense and vector environmental testing. In the United States, its RAMP 200 Reader is limited to central-lab use with the cardiovascular tests. POC, on-site diagnostic tests (or assays), are non-laboratory based tests performed using portable hand-held devices, compact desktop analyzers, single-use test cartridges and/or dipsticks. 	Response Biomedical Corp	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	65	August 20, 1980
RFP	Resolute Forest Products Inc. is a holding company. The Company is a forest products company, which offers products, including newsprint, specialty papers, market pulp and wood products. It owns or operates approximately 40 pulp and paper mills and wood products facilities in the United States, Canada and South Korea, and power generation assets in Canada. The Company operates through four segments: newsprint, specialty papers, market pulp and wood products. It also sells green power produced from renewable sources, wood chips and other wood related products to customers located in Canada and the United States. The newsprint segment produces newsprint at 10 facilities in North America and one facility in South Korea. The specialty papers segment produces specialty papers at five facilities in North America. The market pulp segment produces market pulp at seven facilities in North America. The wood products segment operates 15 sawmills in Canada. 	Resolute Forest Products Inc			0	January 25, 2007
RVX	Resverlogix Corp. is a clinical-stage cardiovascular company. The Company is developing small molecules that selectively inhibit Bromodomain and ExtraTerminal domain (BET) proteins. Its lead drug compound is RVX-208 (apabetalone). RVX-208 is a small molecule targeted for the treatment of atherosclerosis via the reduction of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), and also for treatment of diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic kidney disease (CKD) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). RVX-208 is an oral agent in the BET inhibitor class that targets bromodomain 2 (BD2) of BET protein4 (BRD4) by regulating gene activities. RVX-208 has anti-inflammatory effects, including effects on Interleukin-6 inhibition, vascular cell adhesion-1 and monocyte chemotactic protein-1, complement, factors involved in atherosclerosis and vascular risk. The Company has initiated a Phase III clinical trial BETonMACE with RVX-208 for cardiovascular disease patients with DM and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL). 	Resverlogix Corp	Healthcare	Biotechnology	19	February 7, 2005
QSR	Restaurant Brands International Inc is the parent company for Tim Hortons Inc. and Burger King Worldwide, Inc. The Company operates more than 18,000 restaurants operating in 100 countries under its two distinct brands. Tim Hortons operates restaurant chains in North America and Canada. Operating in the quick service segment of the restaurant industry, Tim Hortons menu includes premium coffee, hot and cold specialty drinks (including lattes, cappuccinos and espresso shots), specialty teas and fruit smoothies, fresh baked goods, grilled Panini and classic sandwiches, wraps, soups, prepared foods and other food products. As of September 28, 2014, Tim Hortons had 4,590 system wide restaurants, including 3,665 in Canada, 869 in the United States and 56 in the Gulf Cooperation Council. BURGER KING is a fast food hamburger chain. The BURGER KING system operates in approximately 14,000 locations serving more than 11 million guests daily in 100 countries and territories globally. 	Restaurant Brands International Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	4300	October 23, 2014
QSP.UN	nul	Restaurant Brands International LP			--	
RPI.UN	Richards Packaging Income Fund is a Canada-based open-ended, limited purpose trust. The Fund invests in packaging distribution businesses throughout North America. The Fund, through its subsidiary Richards Packaging Inc., principally engaged in the distribution of plastic and glass containers and associated closures. Richards Packaging distributes over 5,000 different types of packaging containers and related components sourced from over 600 suppliers and its three manufacturing facilities. Richards Packaging's customer base consisted of approximately 12,500 regional food, beverage, cosmetic, specialty chemical, pharmaceutical and other companies. In addition to providing its customers with a range of packaging solutions, Richards Packaging provides design and development services and logistics management through 17 sales offices and one agency location. The Company operates Healthmark Services Ltd. as a wholly owned subsidiary. 	Richards Packaging Income Fund	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	485	February 26, 2004
RIB.UN	nul	Ridgewood Canadian Investment Grade Bond Fund			--	
REI.PR.A	nul	RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
RMP	RMP Energy Inc. is a Canada-based independent crude oil and natural gas company. The Company explores, develops and produces crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves primarily at the Montney light crude oil fairway at Ante Creek, Waskahigan and Grizzly in West Central Alberta, with additional Alberta-based activity in Kaybob, Pine Creek, Gilby, and the Deep Basin area of Ricinus. Ante Creek is proximal to its Waskahigan areas approximately 20 kilometers (km) to the northwest. Kaybob is a natural gas field located in West Central Alberta, about 250 km northwest of Edmonton. Pine Creek is a natural gas property located in West Central Alberta. Ricinus is a natural gas play in West Central Alberta. Waskahigan is a Montney light oil play in Central Alberta situated about 270 km northwest of Edmonton. The Gilby property is located 110 km southwest of Edmonton, Alberta. The Big Muddy area is located in townships 1 and 2, ranges 21-23W2M in southeast Saskatchewan. 	RMP Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	22	April 1, 2007
REI.PR.C	nul	RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
RN	Rio Novo Gold Inc. is a Canada-based emerging gold company. The Company is focused on the exploration and development of gold properties in Brazil and Colombia. The Company has measured and indicated resources of approximately 1,191,252 ounces (oz) and over 1,464,831 inferred oz. of gold at two projects in Brazil (Almas Gold Project and Matupa Gold Project) and one in Colombia (Tolda Fria Gold Project). Its 100% owned Almas Gold Project is located in Tocantins State and the Matupa Gold Project is located in Mato Grosso State. It has 100% ownership Almas Gold Project, which consists of three deposits (Paiol, Vira Saia and Cata Funda) and several exploration targets, including Nova Prata/Espinheiro, Jacobina and Morro do Carneiro. The Matupa Gold Project consists of one deposit (the X1 deposit) and several exploration targets (the Matupa, Guaranta Ridge, V4, V5, V6, and Fuscao targets). It has 100% ownership in Tolda Fria Gold Project, which is located in Caldas State, Colombia. 	Rio Novo Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 4, 2008
RCH	Richelieu Hardware Ltd is an importer, distributor and manufacturer of specialty hardware and related products. The Company offers over 100,000 products (SKUs) in a range of categories, including kitchen accessories, lighting systems, finishing and decorating products, functional hardware, ergonomic workstations, closet and kitchen storage solutions, sliding door systems, decorative and functional panels, high-pressure laminates, floor protection products, and window and door hardware. The Company also manufactures a range of veneer sheets and edge banding products through its subsidiary Cedan Industries Inc., and of components for the window and door industry and moldings through its subsidiary Menuiserie des Pins Ltee. Its customers include kitchen and bathroom cabinet manufacturers, kitchen designers, residential and commercial woodworkers, home furnishing manufacturers, office furniture and ready-to-assemble furniture manufacturers, renovation superstores and purchasing groups. 	Richelieu Hardware Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	1200	February 28, 1995
RIC	Richmont Mines Inc. (Richmont) is principally engaged in activities related to the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of mineral properties. The Company operates around three gold mines (the Beaufor and Monique mines in Quebec and the Island Gold Mine in Ontario) and is also engaged in the development of the extension of its Island Gold Mine operations. The Company's Beaufor Mine property and the W Zone Mine, along with other adjacent properties, such as Pascalis, Perron, Colombiere, Courvan and Perron Blocks 2 and 3, are located approximately 20 kilometers northeast of the town of Val-d'Or in the Abitibi-East county, in the Province of Quebec. The Company's Monique Mine is located 25 kilometers east of Val-d'Or, in the province of Quebec. Richmont's Island Gold Mine is located approximately 83 kilometers northeast of Wawa, Ontario in the Sault Ste. Marie Mining Division. 	Richmont Mines Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	435	February 12, 1981
REI.UN	RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust (RioCan) is a Canada-based closed-end real estate investment trust. RioCan owns and manages a portfolio of shopping centers, with ownership interests in a portfolio of approximately 340 retail properties in Canada and the United States combined, including 15 under development, containing an aggregate of around 79.1 million square feet. RioCan's Canadian portfolio consists of around 292 shopping centers, including grocery anchored, new format retail, urban retail, mixed use and non-grocery anchored centers. Of these properties, approximately 199 are properties held through outright ownership (195 income properties and four properties under development), while 93 centers, including 11 under development, are co-owned with 22 partners through joint arrangements. RioCan's United States portfolio consists of around 48 shopping centers, principally grocery anchored and new format retail centers. The Company also has interests in around 46 income properties. 	RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	727	July 10, 1981
RBA	Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated is an auctioneer of industrial equipment. The Company is engaged in providing unreserved auction services to equipment buyers and sellers. Ritchie Bros. focuses on the sale of heavy machinery. The Company operates through two segments: Core Auction segment and EquipmentOne segment. Core Auction segment offers a network of auction locations that conduct live, unreserved auctions with both on-site and online bidding. EquipmentOne segment is a secure online marketplace that facilitates private equipment transactions. The Company sells equipment through unreserved auctions at around 44 auction sites around the world. Through the Companys unreserved auctions and online marketplaces, it sells a range of used and unused industrial assets, including equipment, trucks and other assets used in the construction, transportation, agricultural, material handling, mining, forestry, energy and marine industries. 	Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Inc	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	1522	December 12, 1997
RE	Rock Energy Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company's principal business is engaged in the exploration for and development and production of crude oil and natural gas in Western Canada. The Company's assets are located along the Alberta/Saskatchewan border near the towns of Kindersley and Kerrobert. The Company's projects include Mantario EOR project, Onward Horizontal Viking project and other exploration projects. Its Mantario EOR project produced over 3,300 barrel of oil equivalent (BOE) per day from around 38 vertical and two horizontal wells. The Company's Onward project includes the Viking Resource Play and Mannville Lloyd Oil projects. The Company has identified numerous other exploration targets in the Lloyd Oil projects. 	Rock Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	30	February 15, 1988
RDI	Rockwell Diamonds Inc. (Rockwell) is a Canada-based company engaged in developing and operating alluvial diamond mines in South Africa. The Company is involved in producing diamonds, developing its pipeline of alluvial diamond projects and acquiring other operating diamond properties or projects. Rockwell operates through three segments: Northern Cape operation, associated with the mining of Paleo Channels and Rooikoppie gravels, and the recovery of high value and larger carat size diamonds; North West operation, associated with the mining of potholes, and the recovery of lower value and smaller carat size diamonds, and Corporate, which represents the corporate management and administrative function of the Company. Rockwell's properties in South Africa include the Saxendrift property; the Wouterspan property; the Niewejaarskraal property, consisting of the Niewejaarskraal and Viegulandputs properties, and the Remhoogte/Holsloot property. 	Rockwell Diamonds Inc	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	528	November 10, 1988
RON	Rona inc. (RONA) is a Canada-based company. The Company is a retailer and distributor of hardware, building materials and home renovation products. It operates a network of corporate, franchise and affiliate stores under several different banners and in a number of complementary formats. The Company operates business through two operating segments, which include distribution and retail. The RONA's retail segment offers a network of stores under various formats and banners. The Company's distribution network consists of nine distribution centers. RONA serves its own network, as well as many independent dealers operating under different banners, including Ace for which RONA owns the licensing rights and is the distributor in Canada. 	Rona Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	17500	March 27, 1995
RTG.WT	nul	RTG Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
RON.PR.A	nul	Rona Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	--	
RTG	RTG Mining Inc. is focused on developing the high grade copper/gold/magnetite Mabilo Project and advancing exploration on the Bunawan Project. The Company's Mabilo Project is located in Camarines Norte Province, Eastern Luzon, Philippines. It comprises one Exploration Permit (EP-014-2013-V) of approximately 498 hectares and one Exploration Permit Application (EXPA- 000188-V) of 2,820 hectares. The Nalesbitan Project covers a zone of alteration in which widespread zones of epithermal gold, silver and copper mineralization are outlined. The Bunawan Property is located in the east of Mindanao Island in Agusan del Sur province, the Philippines, approximately 190 kilometers north-northeast of Davao and adjacent to the Davao, Surigao highway. Its projects also include the Bahayan project and the Mawab Project, among others. 	RTG Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	5	December 27, 2012
RME	Rocky Mountain Dealerships Inc. is a Canada-based company. The Company operates in the Agriculture and Construction segments. The Company has a network of agriculture and construction equipment stores across the Canadian Prairie Provinces. The Company retails CNH industrial N.V equipment, which includes Case IH, New Holland and Case Construction. The Company also sells equipment under other brands, including Bourgault, Dynapac, Seed Hawk, Leeboy and Metso. The Company sells its equipment primarily to grain and oilseed farmers in Western Canada. The Company's construction equipment sales are focused in Alberta, Canada. 	Rocky Mountain Dealerships Inc	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	962	September 17, 2007
RCI.B	Rogers Communications Inc. is a Canada-based communications and media company. The Company operates through four segments: Wireless, Cable, Business Solutions and Media. The Wireless segment offers wireless telecommunications operations for Canadian consumers and businesses. The Cable segment offers Cable telecommunications operations, including Internet, television and telephony (phone) for Canadian consumers and businesses. The Business Solutions segment offers Network connectivity through its fiber network and data center assets to support a range of voice, data, networking, hosting and cloud-based services for small, medium and large Canadian businesses, governments, and on a wholesale basis to other telecommunications providers. The Media segment offers portfolio of media properties, including television and radio broadcasting, specialty channels, digital media, multi-platform shopping, publishing, and sports media and entertainment. 	Rogers Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	26000	September 7, 1977
RCI.A	Rogers Communications Inc. is a Canada-based communications and media company. The Company operates through four segments: Wireless, Cable, Business Solutions and Media. The Wireless segment offers wireless telecommunications operations for Canadian consumers and businesses. The Cable segment offers Cable telecommunications operations, including Internet, television and telephony (phone) for Canadian consumers and businesses. The Business Solutions segment offers Network connectivity through its fiber network and data center assets to support a range of voice, data, networking, hosting and cloud-based services for small, medium and large Canadian businesses, governments, and on a wholesale basis to other telecommunications providers. The Media segment offers portfolio of media properties, including television and radio broadcasting, specialty channels, digital media, multi-platform shopping, publishing, and sports media and entertainment. 	Rogers Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Wireless Telecommunications Services	26000	September 7, 1977
RSI.DB.C	nul	Rogers Sugar Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	
RSI	Rogers Sugar Inc. is a Canada-based company, engaged in refining, packaging and marketing of sugar products. The Company holds Lantic Inc., which owns and operates a cane sugar refinery on a 12-acre lot in eastern Montreal, Quebec. In Eastern Canada, sugar products are marketed primarily under the 'Lantic trade name and include granulated, icing, cube, liquid, yellow and brown sugars. In Western Canada, Lantic Inc. is the refiner, processor, distributor and marketer of sugar products. The Company has two sugar processing facilities, a cane sugar refinery in Vancouver, British Columbia and a sugar beet processing facility in Taber, Alberta. The Company's sugar products are marketed primarily under the 'Rogers trade name, and include granulated, icing, cube, yellow and brown sugars, liquid sugars and specialty sugars and syrups. The other products offered are by-products, dry blending, jam and jelly mix, liquid sugar, organic sugar, plantation raw sugar and stevia. 	Rogers Sugar Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	350	July 26, 2010
RSI.DB.D	nul	Rogers Sugar Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	--	
RY.PR.D	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY	Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) is a diversified financial services company. The Company provides personal and commercial banking, wealth management services, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. It operates in five segments: Personal & Commercial Banking, which operates comprises its personal and business banking operations, as well as its auto financing and retail investment businesses; Wealth Management, which comprises Canadian Wealth Management, United States and International Wealth Management and Global Asset Management (GAM); Insurance, which operates under two business lines: Canadian Insurance and International Insurance; Investor & Treasury Services, which is a provider of asset servicing, custody, payments and treasury services, and Capital Markets, which comprises two business lines: Corporate and Investment Banking and Global Markets. It operates in three geographic segments: Canada, United States and Other International. 	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	80000	June 22, 1869
RY.PR.A	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.E	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.B	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.G	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.H	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.F	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.C	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.I	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.K	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.M	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.L	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.P	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.J	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.Q	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.N	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.R	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.O	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.W	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RY.PR.Z	nul	Royal Bank of Canada	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
RNX	Royal Nickel Corporation (Royal Nickel) is a mineral resource company focused on the acquisition, exploration, evaluation and development of mineral properties. The Company's principal asset is the Dumont Nickel Project, located in Quebec, Canada. The Dumont Property consists of around 233 contiguous mineral claims totaling approximately 9,306.5 hectares. The Company has other exploration assets, consisting of the Jefmar property; the Marbridge property; approximately 19% interest in Sudbury Platinum Corporation (SPC), which owns a 100% interest in the mineral rights of the AerKidd property, and approximately 56% interest in True North Nickel Inc. (TNN) whose main asset is a 100% interest in the West Raglan property. The Company holds around 14 mining claims totaling approximately 586 hectares in the Jefmar property. The Marbridge Property consists of two mining concessions totaling approximately 240 hectares in La Motte Township. 	Royal Nickel Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	25	December 13, 2006
MNT	The Royal Canadian Mint (Mint) is engaged in the minting and distribution of Canada's circulation coins. The Company offers a range of coinage products and related services on an international scale. The Company's products include circulation coins, collector coins, gifts souvenirs (coin sets, timepieces, commemorative medallions and jewelry) and bullion. It also offers dies, die coatings, master punches and tooling, plus roll and wrap and other coin packaging. The Company's services include collectable coins; Canadian circulation; international minting services; medals, medallions and tokens, and storage and refinery services. Mint provides storage services for Royal Canadian Mint branded precious metals in its vaults. 	Royal Canadian Mint	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	--	
RGL	Royal Gold, Inc. (Royal Gold), together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the business of acquiring and managing precious metals royalties, metal streams and similar interests. The Company operates through two business segments: acquisition and management of royalty interests and acquisition and management of stream interests. As of June 30, 2015, the Company owned stream interests on one producing property and two development-stage properties and owned royalty interests on 36 producing properties, 22 development-stage properties and 135 exploration-stage properties. The Company's principal producing properties include Andacollo, Cortez, Holt, Mount Milligan, Mulatos, Penasquito, Robinson Mine, Voisey's Bay, and Wassa, Bogoso and Prestea. The Company's principal development-stage properties include Pascua-Lama project and Phoenix Gold. 	Royal Gold Inc			20	January 5, 1981
MNS	The Royal Canadian Mint (Mint) is engaged in the minting and distribution of Canada's circulation coins. The Company offers a range of coinage products and related services on an international scale. The Company's products include circulation coins, collector coins, gifts souvenirs (coin sets, timepieces, commemorative medallions and jewelry) and bullion. It also offers dies, die coatings, master punches and tooling, plus roll and wrap and other coin packaging. The Company's services include collectable coins; Canadian circulation; international minting services; medals, medallions and tokens, and storage and refinery services. Mint provides storage services for Royal Canadian Mint branded precious metals in its vaults. 	Royal Canadian Mint	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	--	
MNS.U	nul	Royal Canadian Mint	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	--	
RNX.WT	nul	Royal Nickel Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
MNT.U	nul	Royal Canadian Mint	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Apparel & Accessories	--	
RUS	Russel Metals Inc. is a metals distribution company. The Company operates through segments, which include metals service centers, energy products, and steel distributors. The Company's metals service centers provide a line of products in a range of sizes, shapes and specifications, including carbon hot rolled and cold finished steel, pipe and tubular products, stainless steel and aluminum. The Company energy products distributes oil country tubular goods (OCTG), line pipe, tubes, valves and fittings to the energy industry in Western Canada and the United States. The Company's steel distributors provide as the master distributors selling steel in large volumes to other steel service centers and equipment manufacturers. 	Russel Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Steel	2540	January 1, 2002
RMX	Rubicon Minerals Corporation (Rubicon) is a Canada-based advanced stage gold development company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of gold deposits. The Company's primary asset is the Phoenix Gold Project located in the Red Lake gold camp, in the Province of Ontario. Rubicon controls approximately 100 square miles of exploration ground in the Red Lake gold district. Rubicon also holds variable fee simple mineral property interests in a land package in Elko County, Northeastern Nevada extending into Box Elder County, Utah in the United States totaling approximately 350 square miles. The Company's Phoenix Gold Property is the property containing its Phoenix Gold Project located in Bateman Township, Municipality of Red Lake, Ontario, Canada. Rubicon's subsidiary 0691403 B.C. Ltd. holds Rubicon's interest in some surface patents on the Phoenix Gold Property. Rubicon Nevada Corp., a subsidiary of Rubicon, holds its Nevada and Utah properties. 	Rubicon Minerals Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	124	March 4, 1996
SBN	S Split Corp. (the Fund) is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Preferred shares with fixed cumulative preferential monthly cash distributions in the amount of $0.04375 per Preferred share representing a yield on the issue price of the Preferred shares of 5.25% per annum and to return the issue price of $10 per Preferred share to holders of Preferred shares upon termination of the Fund, and to provide holders of Class A shares with regular monthly cash distributions targeted to be 6% per annum on the net asset value (NAV) of the Class A shares and to provide holders of Class A shares with the opportunity for leveraged growth in NAV and distributions per Class A share. The Fund invests in The Bank of Nova Scotia shares. Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	S Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 26, 2007
SBN.PR.A	nul	S Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SSL.WT	nul	Sandstorm Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
SIN.UN	SCITI Trust is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust whose investment portfolio consists of income funds, corporations and other entities. The Trust's portfolio reflects the makeup of 50 members of the Scotia Capital High Yielding Equity Index (Scotia HYE Index), in order to provide holders of units with a diversified portfolio. The Trust also engages in securities lending agreement with its custodian, State Street Trust Company Canada, in order to generate additional returns. The Trust invests in a range of industry sectors, such as utilities and infrastructure, consumer, energy, financial, health care, industrials, power, basic materials, real estate and telecommunications. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. (SMCAI) manages the purchase and sale of portfolio securities to meet investment objectives and operating policies of the Trust. SCITI LP, the trustee of the Trust, manages the affairs of the Trust. 	SCITI Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SBB	Sabina Gold and Silver Corp is a Canada-based precious metals company focused on the objective of becoming a mid-tier gold producer through acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resource properties. The Company's assets include its Back River gold project and its silver royalty on the Hackett River project, all located in Nunavut, Canada. The Company also has exploration properties in Nunavut and in the vicinity of the Red Lake gold camp in Ontario. The Back River Project is located approximately 520 kilometers North East of Yellowknife and 70 kilometers south of Bathurst Inlet. It is comprised of 45 Federal Mineral Leases and 19 Federal Mining Claims covering approximately 54,000 hectares. The project is divided into Goose, George, Boot, Boulder, Del and Bath. The Goose property hosts the Goose, Llama, Echo and Umwelt gold deposits. The George property hosts the George gold deposits. The Hackett River project consists of approximately 13,000 hectares. 	Sabina Gold and Silver Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	27	June 7, 1966
SSL.WT.B	nul	Sandstorm Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
SAP	Saputo Inc is a Canada-based dairy processor and cheese producer in the United States. Saputo produces, markets, and distributes a variety of dairy products, including cheese, fluid milk, extended shelf-life milk and cream products, cultured products and dairy ingredients. Its products are sold in 40 countries under brand names such as Saputo, Alexis de Portneuf, Armstrong, Baxter, Dairyland, Dragone, DuVillage 1860, Friendship, Frigo Cheese Heads, Great Midwest, Kings Choice, Kingsey, La Paulina, Milk2Go, Neilson, Nutrilait, Ricrem, Salemville, Scotsburn4, Stella, Sungold and Treasure Cave. The Company has 3 segments: Retail, Food Service and Industrial .The Companys subsidiaries consists of: Saputo Cheese USA Inc., Saputo Dairy Products Canada G.P., Saputo Dairy Foods USA, LLC and Molfino Hermanos S.A. 	Saputo Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	11700	July 1, 1992
SSL	Sandstorm Gold Ltd. is a resource-based Company. The Companys operations include Aurizona Mine and the Serra Pelada Mine are located in Brazil, the Santa Elena Mine is located in Mexico, the Emigrant Springs Mine and the Mt. Hamilton Project are located in the United States of America, the Deflector Project is located in Australia, the Gualcamayo Mine is located in Argentina, MWS is located in South Africa, the Hugo North Extension and Heruga projects are located in Mongolia, the Karma Project is located in Burkina Faso and each of the Ming Mine, the Black Fox Mine, Bachelor Lake Mine, Prairie Creek Project and the Bracemac-McLeod Mine are located in Canada. The Hugo North Extension is a copper-gold porphyry deposit and Heruga is a copper gold-molybdenum porphyry deposit, located in the South Gobi desert of Mongolia. The Deflector Project is a gold and copper deposit located in the South Murchison, Western Australia. 	Sandstorm Gold Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	18	March 23, 2007
SIS	Savaria Corporation is a Canada-based company that designs, engineers and manufactures products for personal mobility. The Company operates through two segments: Accessibility and Adapted Vehicles. The Accessibility segment designs, manufactures, distributes and installs accessibility products, such as stairlifts for both straight and curved stairs, vertical and inclined platform lifts and elevators for home and commercial use. The products are manufactured, assembled and customized at the Brampton (Ontario) plant, and are offered through a network of around 600 retailers, which are primarily located in North America. The Adapted Vehicles segment converts and adapts minivans through its subsidiaries, Van-Action and Freedom Motors. The subsidiaries offers models with rear entry, side entry or dual entry for people with mobility challenges. It makes vans accessible to wheelchairs through a ramp and a lowered floor. Adapted Vehicles can be used for personal use or commercial use (taxis). 	Savaria Corp	Industrials	Heavy Electrical Equipment	440	October 25, 1999
SVY	Savanna Energy Services Corp. is a drilling, well servicing and oilfield rentals company. The Company operates in three segments: corporate, services and drilling. It conducts its business through two divisions: contract drilling and oilfield services. It provides contract drilling services through its Velox triple drilling rigs, long-reach horizontal telescoping double drilling rigs, TDS-2200 and TDS-3000 drilling rigs and hybrid drilling rigs. The Company's long reach drilling in Canada includes telescoping double drilling rigs, TDS-3000 drilling rigs and TDS-2200 drilling rigs. The Company provides well servicing and rental equipment to the oil and gas industry in Canada, the United States and Australia. It operates single and double service rigs and an array of rental equipment. It operates around eight long-reach horizontal telescoping double drilling rigs, two CT-1500 drilling rigs, eight service rigs and rental equipment through its limited partnerships. 	Savanna Energy Services Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	2196	August 14, 2003
SVC	Sandvine Corporation (Sandvine) is a Canada-based company, engaged in the development and marketing of network policy control solutions for high-speed, or broadband, Internet service providers. The Company products include Business Intelligence, Revenue Generation, Traffic Optimization and Network Security. The Company's Network Policy Control solutions consists a hardware platform and software modules that are bundled together to provide a system for broadband Internet service providers to identify, report on and take action on the data traversing their networks. Policy Traffic Switch (PTS) is the Company's hardware platform. The PTS product line includes three hardware models, the PTS 22000, PTS 24000, and PTS 32000. The Company also provides the PTS Virtual Series, which is a software-only version of the PTS functionality suitable for networks architected for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) and Software Defined Networking (SDN). 	Sandvine Corp	Technology	Communications Equipment	729	
SCY	Scandium International Mining Corp., formerly EMC Metals Corp., is a Canada-based exploration stage Company. The Company is a mineral exploration and development company that is focused on the development of scandium, rare earth minerals, and other specialty metals, including nickel, cobalt, boron, manganese, tantalum, titanium and zirconium. The Company's principal project is the Nyngan Scandium Project located in New South Wales, Australia. It also holds 100% of Tordal scandium/rare earth minerals deposit in Norway. In addition, the Company holds an exploration license referred to as the Honeybugle property, a prospective scandium exploration property located Adjacent to Nyngan Project. The Company's focus is to produce and sell scandium and scandium-based products. The Company's mineral properties are located in Norway and Australia. 	Scandium International Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4	July 17, 2006
VAC	Scivac Therapeutics Inc, formerly Levon Resources Ltd, is an Israel-based company primarily engaged in the biotechnology and medical research. The Company specializes in developing and marketing biopharmaceuticals, which prevent and treat infectious and immune diseases, such as Hepatitis B (HBV) and Graft-vs-Host Disease (GVHD). Its pipeline products comprise: Sci-B-Vac, a vaccine used in HBV treatment that reproduces three HVB antigens; as well as S-Graft, an enzyme-based drug implemented in GVHD treatment. Furthermore, the Company provides a range of contract based laboratory services for biotechnology entities, such as analytical testing, purification process, production, drug development and support in clinical trials. 	Scivac Therapeutics Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	8	April 9, 1965
SMF	SEMAFO Inc. is a Canada-based mining company with gold production and exploration activities in West Africa. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in gold mining activities, including exploration, development and operations. The company and its subsidiaries operate the Mana Mine in Burkina Faso, which includes the satellite Siou and Fofina deposits. The Company's Mana property is located in west of Ouagadougou the capital city of Burkina Faso. Permitted property at Mana covers around 2327 square kilometers of land over the prospective Hounde belt. The company's Banfora Property covers 1,600 square kilometers in 15 permits on the Banfora Gold Belt. 	Semafo Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2400	March 3, 1994
SCC	Sears Canada Inc. (Sears) is a multi-channel retailer. The Company is engaged in the sale of goods and services through the Company's retail channels, which includes Sears Home, Hometown, Outlet, Appliances and Mattresses, Corbeil Electrique Inc. (Corbeil) stores, and its Direct (catalogue/Internet) channel. It is also engaged in product repair and logistics. The Company operates in two segments: Merchandising and Real Estate Joint Arrangements. The Company's Merchandising segment is engaged in the sale of merchandise and related services, including women's, men's and children's apparel, nursery products, cosmetics, jewelry, footwear, accessories, home furnishings and mattresses, home decor, lawn and garden, hardware, electronics, leisure, seasonal products, toys, floor care, sewing and major appliances. The Company's Real Estate Joint Arrangement segment includes the Company's joint arrangement interests in shopping centers across Canada, all of which contain a Sears store. 	Sears Canada Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Retail - Department Stores	11240	December 30, 1999
SES	Secure Energy Services Inc. is an energy services company. The Company operates three divisions: Processing, Recovery and Disposal (PRD) division, owns and operates midstream infrastructure that provides processing, storing, shipping and marketing of crude oil, oilfield waste disposal and recycling; Drilling Services (DS) division, provides equipment and chemicals for building, maintaining, processing and recycling of drilling and completion fluids, and On Site Services (OS) division, which include environmental services, which provide pre-drilling assessment planning, drilling waste management, remediation and reclamation assessment services, laboratory services, and CleanSite waste container services; integrated fluid solutions, which include water management, recycling, pumping and storage solutions; and projects, which include pipeline integrity; demolition and decommissioning and reclamation and remediation of former wellsites, facilities, commercial and industrial properties. 	Secure Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	1250	
SBI	Serabi Gold plc is a United Kingdom-based gold exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in the evaluation and development of gold deposits in Brazil. The Company's primary interest is the 100% owned Palito Gold Mine located in the Tapajos region of northern Brazil and a surrounding 53,000 hectares of exploration tenements that the Company controls. The Palito Gold Mine produced around 18,452 ounces of gold. The Company also operates Sao Chico mine. 	Serabi Gold PLC			--	May 18, 2004
SEA	Seabridge Gold Inc. (Seabridge) is a development stage company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of gold properties located in North America. The Company's objective is to provide its shareholders with leverage to a rising gold price. Seabridge's principal projects include the KSM (Kerr-Sulphurets-Mitchell) property located in British Columbia and the Courageous Lake property located in the Northwest Territories. The KSM property consists of three discontinuous claim blocks, which include the KSM claim group, the Seabee/Tina claims and the KSM placer claim block. The first two claim blocks (KSM and Seabee/Tina) contain two mineral leases and 71 mineral claims, consisting of both cell and legacy claims. The total area of the first two claim blocks is 50,500 hectares. The Courageous Lake Project is a gold project and consists of 61 federal mining leases, 26 federal mining claims and one optioned federal mining lease (Red 25) having a combined area of 124,189.9 acres. 	Seabridge Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	October 31, 2002
PME	Sentry Select Primary Metals Corp. provides investors with an opportunity to invest in an actively managed portfolio consisting primarily of securities of issuers that are engaged in the production and/or exploration of metals and minerals, with a current focus on gold issuers. Its investment objective is to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation. Sentry Investments Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	Sentry Select Primary Metals Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 23, 2007
SCU	The Second Cup Ltd. (Second Cup) is a Canada-based specialty coffee retailer. The Company has approximately 347 cafes operating under the trade name Second Cup in Canada, of which approximately 35 are Company-operated and the remaining are operated by franchisees that are selected and trained to retail product offering. It owns the trademarks, trade names, operating procedures and systems, and other property used in connection with the operation of Second Cup cafes in Canada, excluding the Territory of Nunavut. The Company's coffee portfolio contains approximately 19 ranges of coffee, including eight single-origin and estate coffees, as well as blends, such as Paradiso and Espresso Forte. The Company's cafes offer a range of hand crafted espresso-based beverages, including espressos, cappuccinos, lattes and Vanilla Bean Latte, and Moccaccino. Its cafes provide a range of products, such as pastries, sandwiches, muffins, cookies, coffee accessories and coffee-related gift items. 	Second Cup Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	73	January 1, 2011
FRL.UN	Senior Secured Floating Rate Loan Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-ended investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with stable monthly cash distributions; preservation of capital, and increased returns in the event that short-term interest rates rise. The Fund was created to invest in an actively managed portfolio consisting primarily of first lien senior secured floating rate corporate loans (First Lien Senior Secured Loans or Senior Secured Loans) of the United States borrowers rated B- or higher by Standard & Poor's (S&P) or B3 or higher by Moody's Investor Services, Inc. Fiera Capital Corporation is the manager of the Fund. Credit Suisse Asset Management, LLC is the sub-advisor of the Fund. 	Senior Secured Floating Rate Loan Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 21, 2013
SEN	Serinus Energy Inc, formerly Kulczyk Oil Ventures Inc, is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration company. The Companys portfolio consists of approximately 12 operated licenses in Ukraine, Tunisia and Romania, and it covers the full-cycle of upstream value chain. In Ukraine, it has interest in KUB-Gas LCC and licenses for production and exploration in Olgovkskoye, Vergunskoye, Makeevskoye, Krutogorovskoye and North Makeevskoye. In Romania, it has 60% working interest in the onshore Satu Mare concession, an exploration and development block in north western Romania. In Tunisia, Serinus owns a 100% working interest in the Chouech Essaida, Ech Chouech, Sanrhar and Zinna concessions, and a 45% working interest in the Sabria concession. 	Serinus Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 16, 1987
SEC	Senvest Capital Inc. is a Canada-based holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, invests in both publicly-traded and privately-held companies, as well as in real estate. The Company also provides services to three funds that include Senvest Master Fund, L.P., Senvest Israel Partner, L.P. and Senvest Cyprus Recovery Investment Partners, L.P., which are targeted toward institutions and high net worth individuals. The Company's real estate holdings are located primarily in the United States and are held principally through different United States real estate investment trust (REITs). The Company has also invested in self-storage properties in Spain, as well as in other properties in Argentina. 	Senvest Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	24	July 23, 1979
S	Sherritt International Corporation is a Canada-based nickel-focused mining company. The Company is engaged in the mining and refining of nickel and cobalt from lateritic ores with operations in Canada, Cuba and Madagascar. The Company has three segments: Metals, Oil and Gas and Power. The Company's Metals segment consists of all mining, processing and marketing activities of nickel and cobalt and includes the production and sale of agricultural fertilizers. The Company's Oil and Gas segment includes the oil and gas operations in Cuba, as well as the exploration and development of oil and gas in Cuba, Spain, Pakistan and the United Kingdom. The Company's Power segment includes the operations in Cuba, which construct and operate electricity generating plants that provide electricity in Cuba and includes an electricity generating plant in Madagascar. The Company licenses its technologies and provides metallurgical services to commercial metals operations around the world. 	Sherritt International Corporation	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	6076	July 14, 2007
VII	Seven Generations Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based independent petroleum company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, development and value optimization of tight and shale hydrocarbon plays. The Company operates the Kakwa River Project, which is a natural gas property located in the Kakwa area of northwest Alberta (the Project). The Company's oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas reserves are located in the Kakwa area. The Company's Kakwa River Project has approximately 420,000 net acres of Montney land. The Company is constructing approximately two gas plants at Lator and Cutbank. The Lator 2 plant has a capacity of over 200 million cubic feet per day and the Cutbank plant has a capacity of over 250 million cubic feet per day. 	Seven Generations Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	104	January 8, 2001
SCL	ShawCor Ltd. is an energy services company. The Company operates through two business segments: Pipeline and Pipe Services, and Petrochemical and Industrial. The Pipeline and Pipe Services segment includes the Bredero Shaw, CanusaCPS, Shaw Pipeline Services, Flexpipe Systems, Guardian, Socotherm and Desert NDT divisions. The Petrochemical and Industrial segment includes the DSG-Canusa and ShawFlex divisions. The Company provides a range of products and services, which include pipe coating services, flexible composite pipe, onshore and offshore pipeline corrosion and thermal protection, ultrasonic and radiographic inspection services, tubular management services, heat-shrinkable polymer tubing, and control, and instrumentation wire and cable. 	Shawcor Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	5846	March 20, 2013
SJR.B	Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw) is a diversified Canadian communications and media company. Shaw is engaged in the business of providing broadband cable television, High-Speed Internet, Home Phone, telecommunications services (through Shaw Business), satellite direct-to-home services (through Shaw Direct) and engaging programming content (through Shaw Media). The Company operated through three principal business segments such as Cable, consisted of cable television, Internet, Digital Phone and Shaw Business operations; Satellite, consisted of direct-to-home (DTH) and Satellite Services; and Media, consisted of television broadcasting. Shaw Media operates as conventional television networks in Canada, Global Television, and numerous specialty networks. It provides customers with entertainment, information and communications services, utilizing a variety of distribution technologies. 	Shaw Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	14000	December 9, 1966
SH	Shopify Inc. is a Canada-based company that provides a cloud-based commerce platform for small and medium-sized businesses. The Company's platform lets users to create their own online store. The Company's platform provides merchants to design, set up and manage their stores across multiple sales channels, including Web, mobile, social media, brick-and-mortar locations, and pop-up shops. Its platform provides a merchant a single view of their business. Its platform also provides merchants to manage all aspects of their shops: uploading products, customizing the design, accepting credit cards, and viewing their incoming orders and completed transactions. Its platform lets users to sell fashion, electronics, sporting goods, furniture and food, among others. The Company's platform offers over 900 applications. 	Shopify Inc			1048	September 28, 2004
SIA	Sienna Senior Living Inc, formerly Leisureworld Senior Care Corporation, is a Canada-based company, which owns seniors housing and provides long-term care in Ontario. The Company operates approximately 35 long-term care (LTC) homes, one independent living (IL) residence and over 10 retirement residence (RR) communities. Its segments include Long-Term Care, Retirement and Independent Living Residence, Home Care and Management Services. Its Long-Term Care segment includes the Company's operation of long-term care homes in the province of Ontario. Its Retirement and Independent Living Residence segment includes the operation of its 10 RR communities. Its Home Care segment, through preferred health care services (PHCS), offers support to seniors in their homes funded through community care access centers (CCACs), private pay home care, education and relief staffing services. Its Management Services segment provides third-party management services in the LTC and retirement sectors. 	Sienna Senior Living Inc	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	7500	March 18, 2010
SJR.PR.A	nul	Shaw Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	--	
SGF	Shore Gold Inc. is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration, development and production of diamonds. The Company's mineral property holdings include 100% interest in the Star Kimberlite Property (Project), which is located in the central part of Saskatchewan, Canada; 68% interest in the Fort a la Corne Joint Venture (FALC-JV) Property, which is located in central Saskatchewan, Canada, and 33% interest in Buffalo Hills Joint Venture, which is located in central Alberta, Canada. The Company's Star  Orion South Diamond Project includes 100% of Star Diamond Project, as well as Star West and the Orion South Kimberlite. The Company acts as operator of the FALC-JV. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Shore Mining & Development Corp. and Kensington Resources Ltd. 	Shore Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	8	April 29, 1985
SIA.DB	nul	Sienna Senior Living Inc	Healthcare	Healthcare Facilities	--	
SBR	Silver Bear Resources Inc. is a Canada-based silver exploration company. The Company's primary business is the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal properties. The Company's principal focus is the Mangazeisky exploration lease and the Vertikalny Deposit, over which Silver Bear has exclusive exploration/ mining rights. It is located approximately 400 kilometers north of Yakutsk in the Republic of Sakha, Yakutia in the Russian Federation. The Company has completed approximately 6,800 meters of drilling and 11,000 cubic meters of trenching on its Mangazeisky project. The Mangazeisky project covers approximately 570 square kilometers and contains more than 100 silver occurrences along a 35 kilometer north-northwest trending mineralized structural corridor. The Company has carried out a total 5,876.5 cubic meters of trenching on Vertikalny. 	Silver Bear Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	28	April 8, 2004
SMT	Sierra Metals Inc. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is focused on the production, exploration and development of precious and base metals in Peru and Mexico. It has three producing mining properties and manages its business on the basis of the geographical location of its mining projects. Its Peruvian Operation (Peru) consists of the Yauricocha mine (Yauricocha), located in the province of Yauyos, its near-mine concessions, and exploration and early stage properties. Its Mexican Operation (Mexico) includes the Bolivar (Bolivar Mine) and Cusi (Cusi Mine) mines, both located in Chihuahua State, Mexico, its near-mine concessions, and exploration and early stage properties. Its operating segments include Peru, Mexico and Canada. It conducted resource expansion and delineation drilling on the 5 to 6 million ton exploration target below the Central Mine Area. It has drilled around 3,057.1 meters underground at Cachi Cachi and 5,043.2 meters underground at the Central Mine area. 	Sierra Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	838	April 11, 1996
SW	Sierra Wireless, Inc. is a provider of cellular wireless solutions to the machine-to-machine (M2M) and connected device markets. The Company develops and markets a range of wireless products that include embedded modules and embedded software for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), gateways and routers for industrial, commercial and public safety applications, and a cloud-based platform for delivering device management and enabling end-to-end applications. The company's products, services and solutions connect people, their mobile computers and machines to wireless voice and data networks around the world. The Company operates through two segments: OEM Solutions, which includes AirPrime embedded wireless modules (including embedded wireless modules for PC OEM customers), and Enterprise Solutions, which includes Airlink Intelligent Gateways, AirVantage M2M Cloud and InMotion Solutions. 	Sierra Wireless Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	1089	May 31, 1993
SRV.UN	SIR Royalty Income Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based publicly traded trust. The trademarks related to the SIR Corp. (SIR) concept restaurant brands, including Jack Astor's Bar and Grill, Alice Fazooli's, and Canyon Creek Chop House, and SIR's signature restaurant brands, including reds, Far Niente / Four and Petit Four, and the Loose Moose Tap & Grill, are used by SIR under a license agreement with SIR Royalty Limited Partnership (the Partnership). The Fund receives distribution income from its investment in the Partnership and interest income from the SIR Loan. The Fund intends to pay distributions to unitholders on a monthly basis. The Fund indirectly participates in the revenues generated under the License and Royal Agreement through its investment in the Partnership. 	Sir Royalty Income Fund	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Restaurants	5000	August 23, 2004
SBT.U	nul	Silver Bullion Trust			--	
SBT.UN	nul	Silver Bullion Trust			--	
SVB	Silver Bull Resources, Inc. is an exploration-stage company engaged in the business of mineral exploration. The Company owns or has the option to acquire a number of property concessions in Mexico within a mining district known as the Sierra Mojada District, located in the west-central part of the state of Coahuila, Mexico. Its Sierra Mojada project is located within Sierra Mojada District. The mining area extends for approximately five kilometers in an east-west direction along the base of Sierra Mojada Range. The Sierra Mojada Project consists of around 31 concessions consisting of approximately 20,946 hectares. The Sierra Mojada concessions contain a mineral system, which has two distinct zones: the Silver Zone and the Zinc Zone. It conducts operations in Mexico through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Minera Metalin S.A. de C.V. (Minera Metalin) and Contratistas de Sierra Mojada S.A. de C.V. and through Minera Metalin's wholly owned subsidiary Minas de Coahuila SBR S.A. de C.V. 	Silver Bull Resources Inc			3	November 8, 1993
SSO	Silver Standard Resources Inc. is a resource company. The Company is focused on the operation, acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal resource properties located in the Americas. The Company operates through three segments: Pirquitas mine, Marigold mine, and Exploration and evaluation properties. As of February 18, 2015, the Company had two producing mines and a portfolio of silver resource dominant projects located throughout the Americas. The Company is primarily focused on silver production from the Pirquitas mine in Argentina, and gold production from the Marigold mine in Nevada, the United States. The Company's development projects include San Lius, Peru; Pitarrilla, Mexico, and Diablillos, Argentina. Its exploration projects consist of Berenguela, Peru; Candelaria, the United States; Maverick Springs, the United States; San Marcial, Mexico; Sunrise Lake, Canada, and Parral Mining District, Mexico. 	Silver Standard Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1014	December 11, 1946
XSR	SiriusXM Canada Holdings Inc. is a Canadian subscription-based media company. The Company offers an array of content from the news, entertainment and sports brands, including the NHL, NFL, NBA, NASCAR, CNN, CBC, FOX, BBC, Howard Stern, Oprah, Disney and Comedy Central, among others. The Company, through its subsidiary SXMC, holds the only broadcasting license in Canada to provide subscription-based satellite radio services in Canada. It offers satellite digital audio radio services (SDARS) under the XM brand (the XM Radio Service) and the Sirius brand (the Sirius Radio Service). Subscribers can access its audio entertainment through integrated in-vehicle satellite radios, aftermarket plug-and-play satellite radios available over 3,000 Canadian retailers, and through streaming at home or at work via desktop Web browsers and mobile applications with functions and personalized features, including access to on-demand content and more. It offers Satellite Radio Services under SiriusXM. 	Sirius XM Canada Holdings Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	86	July 31, 2002
SVM	Silvercorp Metals Inc., along with its subsidiary companies, is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, and mining of precious and base metal mineral properties. The Company's producing mines and other exploration and development projects are in China. The Company is the primary silver producer in China through the operation of several silver-lead-zinc mines at the Ying Mining District in Henan Province, China. The Ying Mining District consists of mines, including SGX, HPG, TLP, and LM mines. The Ying Property occurs in the 300 kilometer long west-northwest trending Qinling orogenic belt. The Gaocheng (GC) silver-lead-zinc project is located about 200 kilometers west of Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, southern China. The BYP Gold-Lead-Zinc mine is located in Hunan Province, China and is 220 kilometer southwest from Changsha, Hunan's capital city. The BYP mine has a mining permit covering 3.67 square kilometer. The XHP project is a development stage project. 	Silvercorp Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	1145	October 31, 1991
SLW	Silver Wheaton Corp. (Silver Wheaton) is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in pure precious metals streaming and generates its revenues from the sale of silver and gold. As of December 31, 2014, Silver Wheaton had entered into 18 long-term purchase agreements and one early deposit long-term purchase agreement associated with silver and gold (precious metal purchase agreements), relating to 27 different mining assets, whereby Silver Wheaton acquired silver and gold production from the counterparties for a per ounce cash payment which was fixed by contract, generally at or below the prevailing market price. As of December 31, 2014, gold and silver interests owned by Silver Wheaton included San Dimas and Penasquito in Mexico; Yauliyacu, Lagunas Norte and Pierina in Peru; 777, Canada; Salobo, Brazil; Sudbury and Minto in Canada; Veladero, Argentina; Zinkgruvan, Sweden, and Neves-Corvo and Aljustrel in Portugal. 	Silver Wheaton Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	24	August 23, 1994
SRT.RT	nul	Slate Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
SKG.UN	Skylon Growth & Income Trust (the Trust) is a closed-end investment trust. The investment objectives of the Trust are to provide Unitholders with monthly distributions, endeavor to preserve capital throughout the life of the Trust and enhance the long-term total return of the portfolio of the Trust. The Trust invests in a portfolio of securities consisting primarily of securities of income trusts, high yield debt, dividend paying common shares, other common shares, other securities and cash and instalment receipts or other rights to acquire any of the foregoing. The Trust may invest in or use derivative instruments for hedging, investment or leverage purposes consistent with the investment objectives, investment strategy and investment restrictions of the Trust. CI Investments Inc. acts as investment manager and advisor of the Trust. 	Skylon Growth and Income Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	January 30, 2004
SOT.UN	Slate Office REIT (the REIT), formerly FAM Real Estate Investment Trust, is a Canada-based diversified commercial real estate investment trust focused on owning and acquiring office retail real estate located in Canada. The REITs portfolio consists of approximately 1.8 million square feet of gross leasable area, comprising of approximately 963, 000 square feet office. The gross leasable area of the REITs properties is in Canada, including Winnipeg, the Greater Toronto Arean Calgary and Regina. In addition, the REIT has approximately 159,752 square foot Class A Greater Toronto Area office complex municipally known as 2655 and 2695 North Sheridan Way in Mississauga, Ontario (The Promontory). 	Slate Office REIT			--	August 27, 2012
SRT.U	nul	Slate Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	
SRT.UN	Slate Retail REIT (the REIT), formerly Slate U.S. Opportunity (No. 1) Realty Trust, is a Canada-based openended real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in acquiring, owning and leasing a portfolio of commercial real estate properties, primarily grocery anchored retail properties, in the United States. The REIT owns a portfolio of groceryanchored retail properties consisting of 41 assets and approximately 4,946,842 square feet of gross lettable area, located in 19 states. The Company's properties include Kennywood Shops, County Line Plaza and Summit Ridge in Pennsylvania; Errol Plaza, Oak Hill Village and Seminole Oaks in Florida; Pinewood Plaza, Springboro Plaza and Buckeye Plaza in Ohio; Triangle Food Lion, Fuquay Crossing, North Summit Square and Wellington Park in North Carolina; Highland Square, St. Elmo Central and Westhaven Town Center in Tennessee; East Brainerd Mall and Phalen Retail Center in Minnesota. The REIT is managed by Slate Asset Management L.P. 	Slate Retail REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	--	January 18, 2012
SRU.UN	Calloway Real Estate Investment Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based open-ended mutual fund trust. The Trust owns and manages shopping centers in Canada, both directly and through its subsidiaries, Calloway Limited Partnership (LP), Calloway Limited Partnership II (LP II) and Calloway Limited Partnership III (LP III). The Trust's assets consisted of 120 retail properties, one office property and seven development properties, with a gross leasable area of 27.3 million square feet and an estimated future developable area of 2.7 million square feet. The Trust's portfolio of properties includes Courtenay SmartCentre, Cowichan Commons East, Kamloops SmartCentre, Langley SmartCentre, New Westminster SmartCentre, Penticton Power Centre, Salmon Arm SmartCentre, Surrey West SmartCentre and Vernon SmartCentre, among others. 	Smart REIT	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	308	
ZZZ	Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc is a Canada-based mattress retailer. The Company provides sleep products and accessories, such as bed frames, pillows, mattress pads, sheets, duvets, headboards and footboards. The Company provides its mattress products under various brands, such as Sealy, Serta, Simmons, Kingsdown, Contour Collection, Tempur-Pedic, iComfort, Sunset Collection, Dormeo Octaspring and Natura. The Company operates under two mattress retail banners, such as Dormez-vous?, which is a retailer of mattresses in Quebec and Sleep Country Canada, which is a mattress retailer in the rest of Canada. The Company operates approximately through 215 stores and 16 distribution centers across eight provinces in British Columbia, including Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. The Company's subsidiaries include Sleep Country LP, Sleep Country Holding Inc, Sleep Country US Holding, Inc and Sleep America, LLC. 	Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Home Furnishing	1115	May 27, 2015
SMA	SMART Technologies Inc. (SMART) is a provider of technology solutions. SMART solutions include interactive large-format displays, collaboration software and services that enable teaching, learning and work experiences in schools and workplaces around the world. SMART operates through three segments: Education, Enterprise and NextWindow. The Education and Enterprise segments provide interactive displays and related hardware, software and services focusing on education and enterprise customers. The NextWindow segment provides desktop and large-format interactive display components. SMART offers a range of interactive display products, including SMART Board interactive whiteboards and interactive flat panels, the kapp digital capture board, LightRaise interactive projectors, the SMART Table interactive learning center and the SMART Podium. Its SMART collaborative learning solutions combine collaboration software with a range of interactive displays, software and services. 	SMART Technologies Inc	Technology	Computer Hardware	--	June 11, 2007
SLR	Solitario Exploration & Royalty Corp. is a development-stage company. The Company is focused on developing the Mt. Hamilton gold project, the acquisition of precious and base metal properties with exploration potential, and the development or purchase of royalty interests. The Company operates in two segments, mining development at its Mt. Hamilton project and mineral exploration. The Company's mineral properties are located in Peru, Mexico and Brazil. The Company's wholly owned property includes Canta Colorado Gold Property. Its joint ventures and strategic alliance properties include Bongara Zinc Project, Pedra Branca Platinum-Palladium Metals Project, Pachuca Norte Silver-Gold Property, Chambara Zinc Property and La Promesa. The Company's royalty properties include Yanacocha Royalty Property, Mercurio (Surubim) Gold Property and Norcan and Aconchi Copper Properties. 	Solitario Exploration & Royalty Corp			5	November 15, 1984
SGQ	SouthGobi Resources Ltd. (SouthGobi) is a coal mining, development and exploration company. The Company owns coal projects in Mongolia, which includes the Ovoot Tolgoi open pit producing coal mine (Ovoot Tolgoi Mine) and other development projects, including the Ovoot Tolgoi Underground Deposit, the Soumber Deposit and the Zag Suuj Deposit. These projects are located in the Umnugobi Aimag (South Gobi Province) of Mongolia, within 150 kilometers of each other close to the Mongolia-China border. The Ovoot Tolgoi Mine, together with the Ovoot Tolgoi Underground Deposit, forms the Ovoot Tolgoi Complex. The Company owns a 100% interest in these coal projects. The Soumber Deposit comprising Central Soumber, East Soumber, Biluut, South Biluut and Jargalant Fields is located approximately 20 kilometers east of the Ovoot Tolgoi Mine. The Zag Suuj Deposit is located approximately 150 kilometers east of the Ovoot Tolgoi Mine and approximately 80 kilometers north of the Mongolia-China border. 	SouthGobi Resources Ltd	Energy	Coal	349	February 14, 2002
SUM	Solium Capital Inc. is a software-as-a-service company. The Company provides cloud-enabled services for global equity-based incentive plans including administration, financial reporting and compliance. The Company offers Shareworks, which is an equity administration platform with end-to-end global capabilities on a single platform. 	Solium Capital Inc	Financials	Investment Services	--	September 16, 1999
SEV	Spectra7 Microsystems Inc. (Spectra7) is a Canada-based consumer connectivity company. The Company delivers bandwidth, speed and resolution to enable industrial design for consumer electronics manufacturers in Virtual Reality (VR), Wearable Computing and Ultra-high-definition (Ultra-HD) Displays. The Company has two product lines: Interconnect Products and Wireless Products. Interconnect Products offer the Company's signal processing technology used in designing active cables and specialty interconnects, which enable interconnects for Virtual Reality and Wearable Computing and Ultra HD 4K and 8K Displays, which includes DisplayDirect and HomeTheater product lines. The Company's Wireless Products feature analog demodulator silicon intellectual property (IP), which is licensed to system-on-chip and television manufacturers. 	Spectra7 Microsystems Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	--	October 12, 2010
SNC	SNC-Lavalin Group Inc. is an engineering and construction company. The Company operates through four segments: Resources, Environment and Water (REW); Power; Infrastructure, and Infrastructure Concessions Investments (ICI). The Company's REW segment includes projects from the Mining & Metallurgy, Oil & Gas and Environment & Water sub-segments. The Company's Power segment includes projects and services in hydro, nuclear and thermal power generation; renewable power generation; energy from waste, and electrical transmission and distribution systems. The Company's Infrastructure segment includes projects from infrastructure and construction to operations and maintenance (O&M). The Company's ICI segment includes investments in infrastructure concessions in certain infrastructure for public services. 	SNC-Lavalin Group Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	36754	March 24, 1980
EDT	Spectral Medical Inc. (Spectral), formerly Spectral Diagnostics Inc., is a therapeutic development company. Spectral is focused on the development and commercialization of a treatment for severe sepsis and septic shock utilizing its Endotoxin Activity Assay (EAA) and the Toraymyxin (PMX) therapeutic. The Company also manufactures and sells certain reagents. The Company's only clinical development program is for PMX. Spectral is engaged in the development of biochemical markers for the clinical syndrome known as septic shock. The Toraymyxin is a therapeutic hemoperfusion device that removes endotoxin from the bloodstream. Spectral develops, produces and markets recombinant proteins, antibodies and calibrators. 	Spectral Medical Inc	Healthcare	Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution	19	April 1, 2005
SPE	Spartan Energy Corp. (Spartan) is a Canada-based oil and gas company. The Company's principal properties include Southeast Saskatchewan, West Central Saskatchewan, Alberta, Manitoba and North Dakota. The Southeast Saskatchewan properties consist of approximately 175,000 net acres of land focused primarily on conventional open-hole horizontal wells drilled on Mississippian oil plays, including the Frobisher, Alida, Souris Valley, Tilston and Midale formations. The West Central Saskatchewan property includes approximately 12,441 gross (10,812 net) acres of land targeting the Viking formation. The Company has an average 90% working interest in 17,302 acres of mineral rights in Alexander property, which is located northwest of Edmonton. The Manitoba property includes approximately 2,276 net acres of land in the Waskada area of southwest Manitoba targeting the Spearfish/Amaranth formation. The North Dakota property includes 6,910 net acres of land in Renville County, North Dakota. 	Spartan Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	5	March 31, 2014
PHS.U	Sprott Physical Silver Trust (the Trust) is a closed-end mutual fund trust. The investment objective of the Trust is to seek to provide a secure, convenient and exchange-traded investment alternative for investors interested in holding physical silver bullion without the inconvenience that is of a direct investment in physical silver bullion. The Trust invests primarily in long-term holdings of unencumbered, fully allocated, physical silver bullion and does not speculate with regard to short-term changes in silver prices. The Trust does not invest in silver certificates or other financial instruments that represent silver or that may be exchanged for silver. Sprott Asset Management LP (the Manager) acts as the manager of the Trust. 	Sprott Physical Silver Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	June 30, 2010
SII	Sprott Inc. is an alternative investment manager. The Company is engaged in the management and allocation of capital. The Company operates primarily through five operating segments: SAM; Global Companies; SRLC; Consulting, and Corporate & Other. SAM offers discretionary portfolio management, as well as asset management services to the Company's branded Funds and Managed Accounts. Global Companies includes Sprott U.S. Holdings Inc., which is the parent of the Global Companies. SRLC is a lender to companies in the mining and energy sectors with a focus on later-stage resource property developers or early stage commodity or power producers. The Consulting segment includes the operations of SC, Sprott Toscana and Sprott Korea Corporation. The Corporate segment provides treasury and shared services and includes its operating results without the effect of consolidating certain subsidiaries. The Other segment includes the activities of Sprott Private Wealth LP. 	Sprott Inc	Financials	Investment Services	190	February 13, 2008
TOY	Spin Master Corp. is a Canada-based children's entertainment company. It creates, designs, manufactures, and markets various toys, games, products and entertainment properties. The Company's brands include Bakugan, Air Hogs, Spin Master Games and Zoomer Dino. The Company has produced a number of television series, including Bakugan Battle Brawlers and PAW Patrol, which are broadcasted in a number of countries and territories across the globe. It operates through the following segments: Activities, Games & Puzzles and Fun Furniture; Remote Control and Interactive Characters; Boys Action and High-Tech Construction, and Pre-School and Girls. Its product lines include Disney Cars 2, DreamWorks Dragons, Mighty Beanz, Sick Bricks, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Kinetic Sand, The Chill Factory, Monster University Role Play and Pop On Pals. It operates in Canada, the United States, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, Slovakia, Germany, the Netherlands, Mexico, China, Hong Kong and Japan. 	Spin Master Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure Products	869	June 9, 2004
SAU	St. Augustine Gold and Copper Limited (St. Augustine) is a development-stage company. The Company is a mineral exploration company, which is engaged in the exploration and development of the King-king Project in the Philippines. The King-king property is a copper-gold proven and probable mineral reserve. The Company is in the process of earning up to a 60% economic interest in the Project from Nationwide Development Corporation (NADECOR). The King-king tenement consists of around 184 mining claims that are owned by NADECOR. The Company's subsidiaries include MDC Mine Developers (Canada) Inc., St. Augustine Mining, Ltd., Asia Pacific Dutch BV, SAML-Dutch Cooperatief U.A., Asia Pacific SAML Holdings, San Augustin Services Inc., and others. 	St Augustine Gold and Copper Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	34	
PPT.U	Sprott Physical Platinum and Palladium Trust (the Trust) is a closed-end trust. The Trust seeks to provide an exchange-traded investment alternative for investors interested in holding physical platinum and palladium bullion without investing directly in physical platinum and palladium bullion. The Trust invests primarily in long-term holdings of unencumbered, fully allocated, physical platinum and palladium bullion and does not speculate with regard to short-term changes in platinum and palladium prices. Sprott Asset Management LP is the manager of the Trust. Sprott Physical Platinum and Palladium Trust invests in and holds a minimum of 90% of the total net assets of the Trust in physical platinum and palladium bullion conforming to the Good Delivery Standards of the London Platinum and Palladium Market plate or ingot form and holds no more than 10% of the total net assets of the Trust at the discretion of the Manager in physical platinum and palladium bullion. 	Sprott Physical Platinum and Palladium Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
STN	Stantec Inc. (Stantec) is engaged in providing planning, engineering, architecture, interior design, landscape architecture, surveying, environmental sciences, project management, and project economics. The Companys three business operating units include Buildings, Energy & Resources, and Infrastructure. The Companys Buildings business operating unit consists of services in architecture, buildings engineering, project management, interior design, and functional planning for vertical infrastructure. The Energy & Resources business operating unit is composed of environmental services, industrial engineering services, project management, and construction management services, primarily for private sector clients. Its Infrastructure business operating unit is engaged in the design and engineering services, and also project and construction management. It operates in three geographic regional operating units: Canada, the United States and International. 	Stantec Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	15200	March 30, 1994
XYM.UN	Star Yield Managers Trust, formerly Star Portfolio Corp., is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Company was created to provide investors with tax-efficient distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation through investment the Dynamic Portfolio, which consists of the Dynamic Real Estate and Infrastructure Income Fund; the Signature Portfolio, which consists of the Signature Diversified Yield Fund, and one or more forward purchase agreements with Canadian chartered banks that provide exposure to the Aston Hill Portfolio. The Company is managed by Aston Hill Investments Inc. 	Star Yield Managers Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 31, 2010
PHY.U	Sprott Physical Gold Trust (the Trust) is a closed-end mutual fund trust. The Trust was created to invest and hold substantially all of its assets in physical gold bullion. The investment objective of the Trust is to seek to provide a secure, convenient and exchange-traded investment alternative for investors interested in holding physical gold bullion without the inconvenience that is typical of a direct investment in physical gold bullion. The Trust invests and intends to continue to invest primarily in long-term holdings of unencumbered, fully allocated, physical gold bullion and does not speculate with regard to short- term changes in gold prices. The Trust is authorized to issue an unlimited number of redeemable, transferrable Trust Units in one or more classes and series of Units. Sprott Asset Management LP acts as the manager of the Trust. RBC Investor Services Trust acts as the trustee of the Trust. 	Sprott Physical Gold Trust	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	
SCP	Sprott Resource Corp. (SRC) is a Canada-based company which invests and operates in natural resources. The Company invests through Sprott Resource Partnership, a partnership between SRC and Sprott Resource Consulting Limited Partnership. The Company has investments in oil and gas exploration, oil and gas production and services, mining and agriculture. The Company invests in sectors, such as energy, mining and agriculture. The Company's subsidiaries include One Earth Oil & Gas Inc., which is an energy exploration and development company; One Earth Farms Corp., which is a vertically integrated healthy food company, and Stonegate Agricom Ltd., which is a developer of agricultural nutrient mining projects. 	Sprott Resource Corp	Financials	Investment Services	10	August 19, 1994
SAM	Starcore International Mines Ltd. is a growth-oriented mining company engaged in identifying, acquiring and developing gold and silver properties through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Compania Minera Pena de Bernal, S.A. de C.V. The Company focuses on mineral production and development at its San Martin Mine located in Mexico. The San Martin project is located approximately 250 kilometers northwest of Mexico City. Mineralization occurs in Upper Cretaceous black limestone and calcareous shales of the Soyatal Mexcala Formation as electrum and silver selenide minerals. The Companys other projects include the El Creston Project in Sonora, which is a molybdenum-copper deposit in Mexico; the Ajax Project, which is a molybdenum deposit, located in north of Alice Arm, British Columbia, and the Molybrook Project, which is a molybdenum property, located on the south coast of Newfoundland. The Company has interests in properties located in Mexico, Canada and the United States. 	Starcore International Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	342	
SJ	Stella-Jones Inc. is a Canada-based producer and marketer of pressure treated wood products. The Company supplies North Americas railroad operators with railway ties and timbers, and electrical utilities and telecommunication companies with utility poles. It also provides residential lumber and customized services to retailers and wholesalers for outdoor applications, as well as industrial products, which include marine and foundation pilings, construction timbers, wood for bridges and coal-tar based products. It operates approximately 27 wood treating plants, 10 pole peeling facilities and a coal tar distillery. It distills coal tar and distributes products from that process at its Memphis, Tennessee distillery. It has an interest in the wood treating facilities of Boatright Railroad Products, Inc. 	Stella-Jones Inc	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	1615	October 26, 1992
RAY.A	Stingray Digital Group Inc is a Canada-based company that provides business-to-business multi-platform music and in-store media solutions. The Company offers music broadcasting and commercial music. Its product portfolio includes Stingray Music, Stingray Music Videos, Stingray Concerts, Stingray Karaoke, Stingray Ambiance, Stingray Lite TV and Stingray Business. Stingray Music is a continuous music network, available on television (TV), the Internet and through mobile application. Stingray Music Videos offers its subscribers an access to around 25,000 music videos by the local and international artists. Stingray Concerts is an on-demand, music video service that enables subscribers to view previews or order full-length shows. Stingray Karaoke offers a karaoke on TV, mobile or online. Stingray Ambiance offers live and continuous television coverage of an ordinary event. Stingray Lite TV is around the clock channel that delivers pop music videos. 	Stingray Digital Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	237	April 8, 2011
ST	Stonegate Agricom Ltd. (Stonegate) is a Canada-based development-stage company engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing agricultural nutrient projects. The Company's objective is to become a leading low-cost producer of high quality phosphate concentrate to supply regional and international markets with long-term supply deficits. Its principal asset, the Paris Hills phosphate project (the Paris Hills Project) is located in Bear Lake County, Idaho. The Paris Hills Project is a development stage phosphate project with a high-grade zone of phosphate mineralization. The Paris Hills Project covers a total of approximately 1,010.5 hectares in the phosphate fields of the western United States approximately 65 kilometers south of Soda Springs. The Company also holds the Mantaro phosphate project (the Mantaro Project), which is located in Peru and encompasses an area of 26,000 hectares. 	Stonegate Agricom Ltd	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	August 18, 2008
SWY	Stornoway Diamond Corp is a Canada-based diamond exploration and development company. The Company's flagship asset is Renard Diamond Project, which is under construction. The Renard Diamond Project is located approximately 250 kilometers north of the Cree community of Mistissini and approximately 350 kilometers north of Chibougamau in the James Bay region of north-central Quebec. Its exploration projects include Qilalugaq Diamond Project, located about 10 kilometers north of the community of Repulse Bay, Nunavut; Timiskaming Diamond Project, consist of about 3,865 hectares of non-contiguous mineral claims in the Cobalt/New Liskeard/Elk Lake/Notre Dame du Nord (Ville Marie) region; Aviat Project, a joint venture project with Hunter Exploration Group, and Pikoo Diamond Project, consists of about 33,374 hectares of mineral claims located approximately 140 km east of La Ronge, Saskatchewan. It maintains exploration assets in Canada through owned properties and joint ventures. 	Stornoway Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	October 28, 2011
RAY.B	Stingray Digital Group Inc is a Canada-based company that provides business-to-business multi-platform music and in-store media solutions. The Company offers music broadcasting and commercial music. Its product portfolio includes Stingray Music, Stingray Music Videos, Stingray Concerts, Stingray Karaoke, Stingray Ambiance, Stingray Lite TV and Stingray Business. Stingray Music is a continuous music network, available on television (TV), the Internet and through mobile application. Stingray Music Videos offers its subscribers an access to around 25,000 music videos by the local and international artists. Stingray Concerts is an on-demand, music video service that enables subscribers to view previews or order full-length shows. Stingray Karaoke offers a karaoke on TV, mobile or online. Stingray Ambiance offers live and continuous television coverage of an ordinary event. Stingray Lite TV is around the clock channel that delivers pop music videos. 	Stingray Digital Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	237	April 8, 2011
SDY	Strad Energy Services Ltd. is a provider of energy services and solutions, to various sectors of the North American oil and gas industry. The Company offers its customers a range of well-site and energy infrastructure solutions, including Surface Equipment, Environmental and Access Matting, Solids Control and Waste Management, EcoPond (frac-water storage), Drill Pipe, and Matting Manufacturing. Its products include light towers, premix tanks, glycol heaters, shale bins, wood mats, XLT mats, crane mats, steel lock interlocking mats and steel lock LT interlocking mats, among others. Its commodity exposure includes conventional and unconventional oil, liquids rich natural gas, and dry natural gas, as well as exposure to Energy Infrastructure projects related to oil sands, pipelines and power transmission. It operates in four regions throughout North America, including the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin in Canada, the Bakken, Marcellus, and Rockies regions in the United States. 	Strad Energy Services Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	512	September 21, 2005
SWY.DB.U	nul	Stornoway Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
SWY.WT.A	nul	Stornoway Diamond Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
SIF.UN	Strategic Income Allocation Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with maximized total returns, and monthly tax-advantaged distributions. The Fund seeks to achieve these objectives through exposure to the Portfolio. The Fund invests in a range of sectors, including banking, retail, financial services, energy, healthcare, consumer goods, telecommunications, utility and transportation, among others. Fiera Capital Corporation is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Strategic Income Allocation Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SOX.DB.A	nul	Stuart Olson Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	
SOX	Stuart Olson Inc, formerly The Churchill Corporation, is a provider of construction and maintenance services. The Company operates through four segments: Buildings Group, Industrial Group, Commercial Systems Group and Corporate Group. Buildings Group undertakes projects, such as construction, expansion of buildings for private and public sector clients in the commercial, light industrial and institutional sectors. Industrial Group offers construction services, such as mechanical, insulation installation, industrial metal siding and cladding, heating, ventilating and air conditioning manufacturing, asbestos, abatement, industrial electrical instrumentation and power line construction and maintenance services. Commercial Systems Group designs, builds and installs a building's electrical infrastructure. It also provides the services and systems that support information management, building systems integration, energy management, green data centers, security and risk management. 	Stuart Olson Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	668	August 31, 1981
SQP	Strongco Corporation is a mobile equipment distributor in Canada. The Company sells and rents new and used equipment and provides after-sale product support (parts and service) to customers who operate in infrastructure, construction, mining, oil and gas exploration, forestry and industrial markets. The primary equipment lines distributed by the Company include those manufactured by Volvo Construction Equipment North America Inc., Case Corporation and Manitowoc Crane Group. It also distributes other equipment lines and attachments, which are complementary to its primary lines, including SDLG, Terex Trucks, Terex Cedarapids, Terex Finlay, Ponsse, Fassi, Allied Construction, Konecranes, ESCO, Dressta, Sennebogen, Jekko, Takeuchi, Link-Belt and Kawasaki. In addition, the Company is also a multiline distributor of mobile construction equipment in the New England region of the United States through its wholly owned subsidiary, Chadwick-BaRoss, Inc. 	Strongco Corp	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	743	June 3, 2010
STB.DB.C	nul	Student Transportation Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Passengers	--	
SCB	Street Capital Group Inc, formerly Counsel Corporation, is a financial services company. The Company operates in the business of mortgage lending, through its subsidiary, Street Capital Financial Corporation (Street Capital), which is a residential mortgage lender. Street Capital sells its mortgages to financial institutions in Canada at the time of placement for a cash premium, a servicing fee over the life of the mortgage and, in some cases, an excess interest rate spread over the life of the mortgage. Street Capital sources its mortgages through its network of independent mortgage brokers. Street Capital's primary business is originating prime insurable mortgages. The Company also owns a private equity business through a wholly owned subsidiary, Knights Bridge Capital Partners Inc. 	Street Capital Group Inc	Financials	Investment Services	175	August 2, 1979
STB	Student Transportation Inc. (STI) is North America's provider of student transportation solutions, operating nearly 13,000 vehicles. STI's family of local companies delivers transportation, management, logistics and technology solutions to a range of customers throughout the United States and Canada. Services are delivered by drivers, dispatchers, maintenance technicians, terminal managers, information technology professionals and others, who are caring members of their local communities. 	Student Transportation Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Passengers	3300	September 22, 2004
STB.DB.U	nul	Student Transportation Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Passengers	--	
SMC	nul	Sulliden Minerals SA			--	
SLF.PR.B	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF	Sun Life Financial Inc. (Sun Life Financial) is a financial services organization, which provides a range of protection and wealth products and services to individuals and corporate customers. The Company operates in five segments: Sun Life Financial Canada (SLF Canada), Sun Life Financial United States (SLF U.S.), MFS Investment Management (MFS), Sun Life Financial Asia (SLF Asia) and Corporate. The Company distributes its products through a variety of distribution channels, including direct sales agents, managing general agents, independent general agents, financial intermediaries, broker-dealers, banks, pension and benefits consultants and other third-party marketing organizations. The Company operates in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Japan, Indonesia, India, China, Australia, Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia and Bermuda. 	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	18330	August 5, 1999
SMU.UN	Summit Industrial Income Real Estate Investment Trust (Summit II) is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). Summit II is focused primarily on the light industrial segment of the Canadian real estate industry. The Company owns around 43 industrial properties, which are located in Alberta, British Columbia, New Brunswick, Ontario and Quebec, and one office property located in Quebec, for a total of approximately 44 properties with around 4.4 million square feet of gross leasable area. The Company's properties house such activities as warehousing and storage, light assembly and shipping, call centers and technical support, professional services and various other uses. The Company is managed by Sigma Asset Management Limited. 	Summit Industrial Income REIT	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SLF.PR.D	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF.PR.A	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF.PR.E	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF.PR.C	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF.PR.H	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF.PR.G	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SLF.PR.J	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SOY	SunOpta Inc. is a global company operating businesses focused on healthy products portfolio. The Company specializes in sourcing, processing and packaging of natural, organic and specialty food products. It operates in three segments: Global Ingredients, Consumer Products and Opta Minerals. It sources organic and non-genetically modified (non-GMO) crops from growers and suppliers. The Global Ingredients segment aggregates its North American-based Raw Material Sourcing and Supply and European-based International Sourcing and Supply operating segments. The Consumer Products segment manufactures and supplies branded and private label aseptic beverages; re-sealable pouch products; individually quick frozen (IQF) fruits and vegetables; fruit bases and toppings; juices; shelf stable juices and waters, and fruit- and grain-based snacks. The Opta Minerals segment processes, distributes and recycles industrial minerals; silica-free abrasives, and specialty sands. 	SunOpta Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	2100	January 1, 2008
SWH	Sunwah International Limited is an investment holding company. The Company's segments include Investment in securities, which include investment in securities for treasury and liquidity management; Structured investment, which include investment in structured deals, including listed and unlisted equities, debt securities and investment properties; Brokerage, which provides securities, option, funds, futures and commodities brokerage services, margin and other financings and other related services; Corporate finance & capital markets, which provides financial advisory services to corporate clients and acting as underwriting and placing agent in the equity capital market; Asset management, which provides asset management and related advisory services to private equity funds and private clients, and Corporate and other activities, which provides management, administrative and corporate secretarial services, inter-group loan financing and intergroup office leasing. 	Sunwah International Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	161	February 28, 1996
SLF.PR.I	nul	Sun Life Financial Inc	Financials	Insurance - Life & Health	--	
SPB.DB.F	nul	Superior Plus Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	--	
SPB	Superior Plus Corp. (Superior) is a Canada-based diversified business company. The Company operates through three segments: Energy Services, Specialty Chemicals and Construction Products Distribution. Superior's Energy Services segment provides distribution, wholesale procurement and related services in relation to propane, heating oil and other refined fuels under the following: Canadian propane division and U.S. refined fuels division. Energy Services also provides fixed-price natural gas and electricity supply services under Superior Energy Management. Specialty Chemicals segment is a supplier of sodium chlorate and technology to the pulp and paper industries and a regional supplier of potassium and chloralkali products in the United States Midwest. Construction Products Distribution segment is a distributor of commercial and industrial insulation in North America and is also a distributor of specialty construction products to the walls and ceilings industry in Canada. 	Superior Plus Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	4503	May 30, 1989
SPB.DB.H	nul	Superior Plus Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	--	
SU	Suncor Energy Inc. (Suncor) is an integrated energy company. The Company is focused on developing Canadas petroleum resource basin, Athabasca oil sands. The Company operates in three business segments: Oil Sands, Exploration and Production, and Refining and Marketing. The Companys Oil Sands segment includes Oil Sands operations and Oil Sands ventures operations. Its Exploration and Production segment consists of offshore operations off the east coast of Canada and in the North Sea, and onshore assets in North America, Libya and Syria. The Companys Refining and Marketing segment is engaged in Refining and Supply, and Downstream Marketing. In addition, the Company explores, for, acquires, develops, produces and markets crude oil and natural gas in Canada and internationally. The Company also transports and refines crude oil, and markets petroleum and petrochemical products primarily in Canada. 	Suncor Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing	13190	August 1, 2009
SGY	Surge Energy Inc. is a Canada-based oil and gas exploration, development and production company. The Company is focused on and operated gravity crude oil properties, primarily in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba, characterized by oil in place crude oil reservoirs. The Company's principal oil and natural gas producing properties are located in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba. The properties in Northern Alberta include Valhalla/Wembley and Nipisi; Central Alberta includes Windfall and Nevis, and southeastern Alberta includes the Sparky assets and the mature waterflood at Silver. The properties in Southwest Saskatchewan include Shaunavon property and Southeast Saskatchewan/Manitoba includes Midale, Macoun, Pinto, Alida and Manson. The Company has one wholly owned subsidiary, which include 1413942 Alberta Ltd. 	Surge Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	82	January 26, 1998
SSF.UN	Symphony Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to provide unitholders with monthly, tax-advantaged cash distributions, including return of capital. The Fund's portfolio includes short-duration, floating-rate senior corporate debt instruments, including senior secured loans and other senior debt obligations of North American non-investment-grade corporate borrowers. The Fund invests through senior loans and fixed income investments. The Fund invests in banking and finance; consumer products; electronics; healthcare equipment and supplies; healthcare providers and services; hotels, restaurants and leisure; materials; media; oil and gas; pharmaceuticals; retail; services; technology; telecommunications, and other sectors. The manager of the Fund is Brompton Funds Limited. Symphony Asset Management LLC is the Fund's portfolio manager. 	Symphony Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
SXP	Supremex Inc. is a Canada-based manufacturer and marketer of a range of stock and custom envelopes and a provider of packaging and specialty products. The Company's operational segment is engaged in the manufacturing and sale of envelopes. It offers standard and specially manufactured, plain and printed mailing products. The Company's portfolio of products include envelopes, which includes stock envelops, custom envelops, integrated envelops and radio frequency (RFID) Card Protector; related products, which include repositionable notes, membership cards, labels, file folders and photo packing; mail packaging, which consists of conformer products, bubble mailers, poly mailers Enviro-logiX, courier products, Xtreme lite and Tyvek, and environmentally friendly products, which include Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)/Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) certified products, degradable window film, degradable bubble mailers and poly mailers Enviro-logiX. 	Supremex Inc	Basic Materials	Paper Products	650	March 31, 2006
SXI	Synex International Inc. is engaged in the development, ownership and operation of electric power facilities and the provision of consulting engineering and environmental services in water resources, particularly hydroelectric facilities through its subsidiaries, Synex Energy Resources Ltd. (Synex Energy or the Power Division) and Sigma Engineering Ltd. (Sigma or the Engineering Division). The Power Division has applications for water licenses and land tenure on over 25 hydroelectric sites. The Engineering Division provides consulting services within British Columbia and also provides operational, engineering and environmental services to the Power Division. Synex Energy owns and operates Mears Creek plant, Cypress Creek hydroelectric plant, Barr Creek hydroelectric plant, China Creek hydroelectric plant and Ptarmigan Creek hydroelectric plant. Its facilities are located in Vancouver Island, British Columbia, except for the Ptarmigan Plant, located in east central British Columbia. 	Synex International Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	17	August 13, 1982
TAO	TAG Oil Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and gas producer and explorer. The Company has assets consisting of approximately 2.06 million net acres of land onshore in the Taranaki, East Coast, and Canterbury Basins of New Zealand, and 30,816 net acres of land offshore in the Taranaki Basin. The Company controls a land holding in the country, consisting of oil and gas permits amounting to approximately 1.5 million net acres of land onshore and approximately 0.6 million net acres offshore. The Taranaki Basin is an emerging oil, gas and condensate province located on the North Island of New Zealand. The Taranaki Basin covers an area of approximately 100,000 square kilometers. The Company controls a 100% working interest in two exploration permits totaling approximately 0.8 million acres in the East Coast Basin of New Zealand. The Canterbury Basin is a frontier basin on New Zealand's South Island, with a proven onshore and offshore hydrocarbon system. 	TAG Oil Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	23	December 12, 1990
XTD.PR.A	nul	TDb Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
XTD	TDb Split Corp. is a Canada-based mutual fund company (Fund). The Fund invests primarily in common shares of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. It offers two types of shares: Priority Equity Shares and Class A shares. The Fund's investment objective is to provide steady monthly distributions to both the Priority Equity and Class A shareholders, while returning the original issue price to each shareholder on the termination date. Quadravest Capital Management Inc. serves as the manager and investment manager of the Fund. 	TDb Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	May 24, 2007
THO	Tahoe Resources Inc. is a mineral exploration, development and mine operating company. The Company's principal business activity is to operate the Escobal mine, a mining operation in southeastern Guatemala. The Escobal deposit is an intermediate-sulfidation fault-related vein formed within Tertiary sedimentary and volcanic rocks within the Caribbean plate. The Escobal vein system hosts silver, gold, lead and zinc, with an associated epithermal suite of elements, within quartz and quartz-carbonate veins. It is also engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of mineral properties in the Americas for the mining of precious metals. The Company produces metal-bearing concentrates. Silver, gold, lead and zinc are recovered by differential flotation, producing silver-rich lead concentrates and zinc concentrates, which are sold to third-party smelters under concentrate sales arrangements. 	Tahoe Resources Inc			2055	November 10, 2009
TBL	Taiga Building Products Ltd. (Taiga) is a Canada-based independent wholesale distributor of building products. The Company operates through two segments: Canada and the United States. Taiga distributes products, which include dimension lumber; panel products, including plywood, particle board and oriented strand board, and allied and treated products, such as roofing materials, moldings, composite decking, polyethylene sheeting, batt and foam insulation, flooring, engineered wood and treated wood. It markets treated wood under the brand name Taiga Select. Taiga maintains inventories of building products at around 15 distribution centers throughout Canada and two distribution centers in California. In addition, the Company regularly distributes through the use of third party reload centers. Taiga also owns and operates three wood preservation plants that produce pressure-treated wood products. 	Taiga Building Products Ltd	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	492	September 1, 2005
TVE	Tamarack Valley Energy Ltd. (Tamarack) is a Canada-based oil and natural gas exploration and production company. The Company is involved in the identification, evaluation and operation of resource plays in the Western Canadian sedimentary basin. As of March 11, 2015, Tamarack had established two plays: the Cardium oil play in Lochend, Garrington and the greater Pembina area, including Wilson Creek and Alder Flats, and the Viking oil play in Redwater and Westlock. As at December 31, 2014, Tamarack also had interests in 17 net sections of land in the Hatton area of Saskatchewan. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company produced 3,245 barrels per day (bbls/d) of oil and natural gas liquids (NGL), 257 bbls/d of heavy oil and 13,292 thousand cubic feet per day (mcf/d)of natural gas. As of March 11, 2015, the Company had approximately 1,205 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) behind pipe in the Wilson Creek and Alder Flats areas. 	Tamarack Valley Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	16	March 6, 2002
TLO	Talon Metals Corp. (Talon) is a Canada-based mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of the Tamarack nickel-copper-platinum group elements (PGE) project (the Tamarack Project) in Minnesota, the United States, which consists of the Tamarack North Project and the Tamarack South Project. The Tamarack North Project is located adjacent to the town of Tamarack in north-central Minnesota approximately 85 kilometers west of Duluth and around 200 kilometers north of Minneapolis. The Tamarack Igneous Complex (TIC), which sits within the Tamarack North Project boundaries, is a mafic and ultramafic intrusion. Talon also has an equity investment in Tlou Energy Limited. 	Talon Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Steel	12	
TBL.NT	nul	Taiga Building Products Ltd	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	--	
TKO	Taseko Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based mining company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, developing, and operating large tonnage mineral deposits. Its asset is the 75% owned Gibraltar Mine, a copper/molybdenum mine located in central British Columbia. It owns the Florence copper project and also owns the New Prosperity gold-copper, Aley niobium and Harmony gold projects. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Florence Copper project though the acquisition of Curis Resources Ltd. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Aley Niobium Project. The Prosperity deposit is a gold-copper porphyry with a one billion tons measured and indicated resource containing approximately 5.3 billion pounds of copper and 13.3 million ounces of gold. Harmony is a gold project located on Graham Island off British Columbia's west coast with deposits of approximately 64 million tons of 1.35 ounces per ton gold. The Harmony site covers approximately 177 square kilometers and consists of 58 mineral claims. 	Taseko Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	754	April 15, 1966
TNX	Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corporation is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral property interests. The Companys mineral properties are located in United Republic of Tanzania. Its subsidiaries include Tanzania American International Development Corporation 2000 Limited (Tanzam), Tancan Mining Co. Limited (Tancan), Buckreef Gold Company Ltd. (Buckreef) and Northwestern Base Metals Company Limited (NWBM). The Company explores or acquires gold or other precious metal concessions through its own efforts or through the efforts of its subsidiaries. The Companys mineral interests in Tanzania are initially held under prospecting licenses granted pursuant to the Mining Act, 2010 (Tanzania) for a period of up to four years, and are renewable two times for a period of up to two years each. Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tanzam, the Company holds a 55% interest in the joint venture company, Buckreef Gold Company Limited, with Stamico holding the remaining 45%. 	Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	38	July 5, 1990
TLB	TearLab Corporation is an in-vitro diagnostic company. The Company has commercialized a tear testing platform, the TearLab Osmolarity System, that enables eye care practitioners to test for sensitive and specific biomarkers using nanoliters of tear film at the point-of-care. The Company is engaged in commercial manufacturing of the TearLab Osmolarity System. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary TearLab Research, Inc. develops technologies to enable eye care practitioners to test a range of biomarkers (chemistries, metabolites (glucose), genes and proteins) at the point-of-care. The TearLab Osmolarity System measures tear film osmolarity for the diagnosis of Dry Eye Disease (DED). The TearLab Osmolarity System is an integrated testing system consisted of: the TearLab disposable, the TearLab Pen and the TearLab Reader. 	TearLab Corp			0	June 5, 2002
TOF.UN	Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objective is to provide unitholders with long-term capital appreciation through investment in an actively managed portfolio consisting primarily of North American publicly listed securities. The Fund seeks to achieve the investment objective by investing the Fund Property in the Portfolio. The Fund seeks to construct the Portfolio in a manner that seeks to balance long-term capital growth with capital preservation and invests opportunistically in equity and equity-related securities of issuers that the Portfolio Manager believes are fundamentally sound and are trading at a discount to their intrinsic value. The Portfolio may include common shares, income trusts, real estate investment trusts, preferred shares, depository receipts, exchange traded funds, and securities convertible into equity securities. Brompton Funds Limited is the manager of the Fund. 	Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TCS	Tecsys Inc. is a Canada-based supply chain management (SCM) provider of warehouse, distribution and transportation management software solutions. The Company provides its solutions to mid-size and Fortune 1000 corporations in the healthcare industry and organizations with complex supply chains. The Company's business is focused on warehousing and distribution operations. The Company offers a supply chain platform, which is a technology infrastructure on which all of Tecsys' applications are built. It also offers visual content, as well as visual-on-voice applications. The Tecsys warehouse management systems (WMS) is developed on a complete supply chain execution platform that allows the merging of information obtained from various application segments and databases into a single query. It also allows user to adapt and personalize the WMS according to their specific needs. The Company has operations in Canada and the United States of America. 	Tecsys Inc	Technology	Software	346	April 28, 1983
HTA.UN	Tech Achievers Growth & Income Fund is a Canada-based investment fund. The Funds investment objectives are to provide unitholders with the opportunity for capital appreciation, monthly cash distributions and lower overall volatility of Portfolio returns than would otherwise be experienced by owning Equity Securities of the Technology Achievers directly. The Fund also invests in an equally-weighted portfolio of Equity Securities of over 20 Technology Issuers from the Technology Achievers Investable Universe that have a market capitalization of at least US$10 billion at the time of investment and have options in respect of their Equity Securities listed on a recognized options exchange. The Fund's investment manager is Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. 	Tech Achievers Growth & Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TLF.UN	Tech Leaders Income Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Fund is designed to provide unit holders with monthly distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation through investment in an equal-weight portfolio consisting of equity securities of technology companies. The Fund invests in companies, which have market capitalization of $15 billion at the time of their inclusion and are included in either the S&P 500 index or the S&P/TSX 60 index. The Fund invests in a portfolio, which consists of equity securities of 15 technology companies which are included in the S&P 500 Index of the S&P/TSX 60 Index. The Fund's portfolio consists of the United States dollar denominated securities. The Fund is focused on sectors, which include technology hardware and equipment, software and services, semiconductors and semiconductor equipment, options and foreign currency contracts. The Fund's investment manager is Brompton Funds Limited. 	Tech Leaders Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	April 27, 2011
T	TELUS Corporation (TELUS) is a telecommunications company. The Company operates through two business segments: wireless segment and wireline segment. The wireless segment includes 8.1 million wireless subscribers. The wireline segment includes 3.2 million wireline network access lines (NALs). The Company provides a range of telecommunications services and products, including wireless and wireline voice and data; TELUS TV, a high-definition entertainment service with Optik TV and TELUS Satellite TV (TELUS Satellite TV is offered only in British Columbia and Alberta); Internet Protocol networks and applications; contact center and business process outsourcing solutions; hosting, managed IT and cloud-based services around Internet of Things; TELUS Health's technology, including pharmacy management, electronic medical and health record, remote patient monitoring and online settlement claims management solutions, and conferencing and collaboration equipment and application solutions. 	TELUS Corp	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	43670	October 26, 1998
TCK.A	nul	Teck Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	
TCK.B	Teck Resources Ltd. is engaged in the business of exploring, acquiring, developing and producing natural resources. The Company is focused on steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and energy. The Company exports seaborne steelmaking coal and produces mined zinc. The Company also produces lead, molybdenum, silver, and various specialty and other metals, chemicals and fertilizers. It explores for copper from its interests in Antamina in Peru, Quebrada Blanca and Carmen de Andacollo in Chile and Duck Pond in Newfoundland. The Company has around 97.5% interest in Highland Valley Copper. The Company produces mined zinc, primarily from its Red Dog mine in Alaska, the Antamina mine in northern Peru, and its Pend Oreille mine in Washington State. Its energy assets in the Athabasca oil sands region of northeastern Alberta include its interests in the Fort Hills oil sands project, Frontier oil sands project in various other oil sands leases in the exploration phase, including the Lease 421 Area. 	Teck Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	10000	January 1, 2008
TEL	Tellza Communications Inc. (Tellza) is a Canada-based communications and technology company. Tellza provides call origination and delivery services on a network basis for switchless long distance resellers and Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service providers in Canada, and call delivery services for international carriers. The Company's network services include unlimited flat rate T1 or DS3 Canada on-net origination or termination pricing; direct inward dialing (DID) for origination from around 40 Canadian urban areas-for calling cards, automatic number identification (ANI) recognition and residential VoIP Customers; per minute rates for origination and termination over its Canadian and international network, and toll free 800 origination. Tellza's communications company operates under various brands, including Phonetime, route dynamix, MatchCom and Tel3. The Company's technology business operates under the brand Tellza Technologies. 	Tellza Communications Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	52	April 5, 1984
TST	Telesta Therapeutics Inc., formerly Bioniche Life Sciences Inc., is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development, manufacturing, commercialization and licensing/acquisition of therapies for the global health market. The Company has developed the Mycobacterium phlei Cell Wall-Nucleic Acid Complex (MCNA) technology, a biologic immunotherapy or immunomodulator for the treatment of bladder cancer patients with high-risk non-muscle invasive bladder cancer who failed prior bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) therapy. MCNA is a cell wall-nucleic acid composition prepared from the fractionation of a pure culture of Mycobacterium phlei. The Company has completed Phase III clinical trials for its MCNA product candidate. It is engaged in preparing for the commercial launch of MCNA in the United States. The Company's MCNA manufacturing site is located in Pointe Claire, Quebec. The Company has not generated any revenues from its operations. 	Telesta Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	53	September 1, 1999
TPH	Temple Hotels Inc. invests in hotel properties and assets. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and development of income-producing hotel properties and in the management of the acquired/developed properties. The hotel portfolio of the Company consists of 30 hotel and investment properties , which are 100% owned by the Company consisting of approximately 4,094 rooms. The geographic location of the hotels include Fort McMurray, Alberta, which consists of approximately 9 properties and 891 rooms; Other Alberta consists of approximately 5 properties and 846 rooms; Other Western Canada consists of approximately 8 properties and 1,253 rooms, and Eastern Canada consists of approximately 8 properties and 1,104 rooms. The hotel portfolio includes two extended-stay properties (Clearwater Timberlea and Nova Court) and one investment property (Cortona Residence). It also has a 50% equity interest in limited partnerships, which own hotels in London and Ottawa. 	Temple Hotels Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	August 27, 2012
TMB	Tembec Inc. (Tembec) is a Canada-based company engaged in manufacturing of forest products. The Company manufactures lumber, pulp, paper, specialty cellulose and in sustainable forest management practices. Tembec has operations in North America and France. Tembec directly manages nearly 10 million hectares (about 25 million acres) of Canadian forestlands. The Companys operating segments include The Specialty Cellulose Pulp segment, The Forest Products segment, The Paper Pulp segment, The Paper segment. Its main business lines include cellulose ethers, nitrocellulose and microcrystalline cellulose (MCC). The Company has seven sawmill operations in Quebec and Ontario, Tembec serve customers in North American and international markets. Kallima Coated Cover Paperboard and Kallima Premium Bleached Linerboard are used for a broad range of commercial printing, publishing and packaging applications. 	Tembec Inc	Basic Materials	Paper Products	4250	January 16, 2008
TPH.DB.D	nul	Temple Hotels Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
TPH.DB.F	nul	Temple Hotels Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
TPH.DB.C	nul	Temple Hotels Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
TPH.DB.E	nul	Temple Hotels Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines	--	
TPK	Ten Peaks Coffee Company Inc. (Ten Peaks) is a Canada-based specialty coffee company. Ten Peaks operates through two wholly owned subsidiaries, Swiss Water Decaffeinated Coffee Company, Inc. (SWDCC) and Seaforth Supply Chain Solutions Inc. (Seaforth). SWDCC is a green coffee decaffeinator located in Burnaby, British Columbia. Ten Peaks purchases Arabica coffee from the specialty green coffee trade, and then decaffeinates and sells it. Ten Peaks also decaffeinates coffee owned by its customers for a processing fee under toll arrangements. Ten Peaks markets its decaffeinated coffee products under the SWISS WATER Process brand. Seaforth provides a range of green coffee logistics services, including devanning coffee received from origin; inspecting, weighing and sampling coffees, and storing, handling and preparing green coffee for outbound shipments. Seaforth provides handling and storage services for SWDCC's local green coffee and for various other coffee importers and brokers. 	Ten Peaks Coffee Company Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Food Processing	19	September 30, 2010
IT.DB	nul	Intertain Group Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	
IT	The Intertain Group Limited (Intertain), formerly Aumento Capital II Corporation, is an online gaming company that provides entertainment to customers. The Company offers bingo, casino and other games to its customers using the Costa Bingo, Vera&John, Vera&Juan, InterCasino, VIP Casino and other brands. The InterCasino segment consists of the online casino of the InterCasino and VIP Casino brands. The Mandalay segment consists of the various online bingo websites operated off of the Dragonfish platform and the affiliate portal Websites. The Vera&John segment consists of the online casino operating results of various brands, including Vera&John and Vera&Juan. Dumarca Holdings PLC (Dumarca) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. InterCasino offers approximately 150 casino titles in three currencies and nine languages across the world, through its online casino Website www.intercasino.com. The Company, through its subsidiaries markets its online offerings. 	Intertain Group Ltd	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	--	November 26, 2010
EML.PR.A	nul	Empire Life Insurance Co			--	
TGZ	Teranga Gold Corporation (Teranga) is a Canada-based gold company. Teranga is principally engaged in the production and sale of gold, as well as related activities, such as exploration and mine development in Senegal, West Africa. Teranga operates gold mine and mill in Senegal. The Company's Sabodala gold mine is located approximately 650 kilometers southeast of the capital of Senegal, Dakar within the West African Birimian geological belt in Senegal. Its Sabodala gold mine explores in over nine exploration licenses, which covers approximately 1,055 square kilometers. The Sabodala combined mine license covers approximately 246 square kilometers. In total, the combined mine license includes over 5 million ounces of measured and indicated resources and approximately 2 million ounces of inferred resources. The Company's Soreto prospect is located in Mako Group volcano-sedimentary sequences. 	Teranga Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	457	October 1, 2010
NWC	The North West Company Inc. (NWC) is a retailer to underserved rural communities and urban neighbourhood markets in northern Canada, western Canada, rural Alaska, the South Pacific and the Caribbean. Its stores offer products and services with an emphasis on food. NWC operates in two segments: Canadian Operations and International Operations. The Canadian operations operate through its subsidiary, The North West Company LP. and it includes 126 Northern stores, 34 Giant Tiger junior discount stores, seven NorthMart stores, 12 Quickstop convenience stores, one Valu Lots clearance center, one Solo Market test store, one Drug Store, Crescent Multi Foods and two North West Company Fur Marketing outlets. Its International operations operate through The North West Company (International) Inc. and its Cost-U-Less, Inc. subsidiaries., and its operations include 30 AC Value Centers, three Quickstop convenience stores, Pacific Alaska Wholesale, 12 Cost-U-Less and one Island Fresh Supermarket. 	North West Company Inc			6647	January 1, 2011
TGO	TeraGo Inc. (TeraGo) is a Canada-based company providing communications, data center and cloud services through its national network and data centers. TeraGo's services include access services, data services, voice services, network services, radio spectrum, data center and managed services, and cloud services. TeraGo owns and operates a carrier-grade Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) enabled wireline and fixed wireless, Internet Protocol (IP) communications network in Canada. TeraGo offers data connectivity services that enable businesses to connect their various sites through a private virtual local area network (VLAN). TeraGo offers a range of Ethernet-based services over a wireless connection from a hub or through a fiber optic connection. TeraGo also offers a range of managed hosting solutions and disaster recovery services. TeraGo provides Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) cloud computing solutions, and data archiving or cloud storage and other offerings. 	TeraGo Inc	Telecommunications Services	Integrated Telecommunications Services	194	December 21, 2000
TT	Terra Energy Corp. (Terra) is a junior oil and gas exploration development and production company engaged in the exploration for, and development and production of, natural gas and oil in Western Canada. The Company's conducts its operations in the Western Canadian Sedimentary basin. Its operates through two segments: the conventional operations, which make up almost all of Terra's production, and the Montney resource play in northeastern British Columbia, where Terra owns a dominant land position in both the unconventional Montney gas and gas liquids and the nascent unconventional Montney condensate and shale oil play. Production from Alberta accounts for most of Terra Energy's oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) content. Cecil and North Boundary made up the bulk of the Company's oil production while most of the NGL's were produced in Worsely. Key producing regions in British Columbia include Stoddart, Sunrise, Boudreau, Tower and Wilder. 	Terra Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	32	January 30, 2004
TVK.DB	nul	TerraVest Capital Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TVK	TerraVest Capital Inc. (TerraVest) is a Canada-based company. It's objectives are to maximize the value of its common shares through ongoing active monitoring of, and investment in its operating businesses to provide growth organically and possible growth through opportunistic strategic acquisitions in both the manufacturing and oil and gas sectors that complement TerraVest's operating businesses is well paved and accretive to shareholders. It' s businesses include RJV Gas Field Services (RJV), provides wellhead processing equipment for the natural gas industry in western Canada and Diamond Energy Services (Diamond), engaged in providing well servicing to the oil and natural gas sector in south-western and central Saskatchewan. In February 2014, TerraVest Capital Inc acquired Gestion Jerico Inc. On August 8, 2014, TerraVest acquired NWP Industries Inc. Effective August 20, 2014, Clarke Inc. acquired a 5.4% interest in TerraVest Capital Inc. 	TerraVest Capital Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	748	October 31, 2012
TXL	Tesla Exploration Ltd. (Tesla) is a Canada-based provider of geophysical services. Tesla provides seismic land data acquisition in Canada through Tesla Exploration Partnership (Tesla Canada), in the United States through Tesla Exploration Inc. (Tesla USA), in South and Central America through Tesla Exploration Trinidad Ltd. (Tesla Trinidad), Tesla Exploration Colombia S.A.S. (Tesla Colombia), Tesla Exploration Latam SA (Tesla Argentina) and Tesla Do Brasil Geotecnia Ltda. (Tesla Brazil). Tesla operates through three segments: North American Land Seismic Acquisition, consisting of Tesla Canada, Tesla USA, Tesla Trinidad, Tesla Colombia, Tesla Argentina and Tesla Brazil; Tesla Exploration International Ltd. (Tesla International), which provides geophysical services in the United Kingdom, Europe and Africa, and Tesla Offshore, L.L.C. (Tesla Offshore), which provides survey services to oil and gas exploration companies, marine construction contractors and engineering firms. 	Tesla Exploration Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	227	May 18, 1999
TH.WT	nul	Theratechnologies Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	--	
TPL	Tethys Petroleum Limited is an oil and gas company operating within the Republic of Kazakhstan, Republic of Tajikistan and Georgia. The Company's principal activity is the acquisition of and exploration and development of crude oil and natural gas fields. It owns interests in its Kazakh projects through TAG and Kul-Bas. It holds a 100% interest in, and is operator of, two shallow gas fields (the Kyzyloi and Akkulka Fields), producing under the Kyzyloi Field License and Production Contract, and the Akkulka Production Contract. It also has a 100% interest in two oil fields (Doris and Dione Fields), held within the surrounding Akkulka Exploration license and Contract area, and Kul-Bas has a 100% interest in the Kul-Bas Exploration and Production Contract. It holds an indirect 28.33% effective economic interest through Kulob Petroleum Limited (KPL) in the contractor share of the Bokhtar PSC which covers an area of 35,984 square kilometer in the south-west of the Tajikistan. 	Tethys Petroleum Ltd			419	August 12, 2003
TH	Theratechnologies Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company addressing unmet medical needs in metabolic disorders to promote healthy ageing. The Company's product, EGRIFTA, is used for the reduction of excess abdominal fat in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients with lipodystrophy. EGRIFTATM is available in the United States as a once-daily two unit dose (two vials, each containing 1 milligram of tesamorelin) of sterilized lyophilized powder to be reconstituted with sterile water for injection. Its subsidiaries include Theratechnologies Intercontinental Inc., Theratechnologies Europe Inc., Theratechnologies Canada Inc. and Pharma-G Inc. 	Theratechnologies Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	17	February 1, 1995
X	TMX Group Limited is a Canada-based company, which operates in equities, fixed income, derivatives and energy markets. The Company provides services encompassing listings for its issuers, trading, clearing, settlement and depository facilities, information services, as well as technology services for the international financial community. Its products and services include issuer services; trading, clearing, depository and related services, which include cash trading, clearing and depository (consisting of equities trading, fixed income trading and equities and fixed income), derivatives trading and clearing and energy trading and clearing; information services, and technology services. The Company operates through Toronto Stock Exchange, TSX Venture Exchange, TMX Select Inc., Alpha, The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, Shorcan Brokers Limited, CanDeal.ca Inc., Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation, TMX Technology Solutions and Montreal Exchange Inc., among others. 	TMX Group Ltd	Financials	Investment Services	1323	April 28, 2011
TRI	Thomson Reuters Corporation is a provider of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. The Company is organized into four business units: Financial & Risk, Legal, Tax & Accounting and Intellectual Property & Science. Financial & Risk business unit provides news, information and analytics, enabling transactions and bringing together financial communities. It also provides regulatory and operational risk management solutions. Legal business unit provides online and print information, decision tools, software and services that support legal, investigation, business and government professionals. Tax & Accounting business unit provides integrated tax compliance and accounting information, software and services for professionals in accounting firms, corporations, law firms and government. Intellectual Property & Science business unit provides intellectual property and scientific information, decision support tools and services. 	Thomson Reuters Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	52000	December 28, 1977
TCM	Thompson Creek Metals Company Inc. (TCM) is a mining company engaged in the full mining cycle, which includes acquisition, exploration, development, and operation of mineral properties. The Company operates in three segments: Copper-Gold, US operations Molybdenum and Canadian Operations Molybdenum. The Company's Copper-Gold operations consist of Mount Milligan Mine, a conventional truck-shovel open-pit copper and gold mine and concentrator in British Columbia. The US operations for molybdenum include the Thompson Creek Mine (TC Mine) in Idaho and the Langeloth Metallurgical Roasting Facility (Langeloth Facility) in Pennsylvania. The Canadian operations for molybdenum consist of a 75% joint venture interest in the Endako Molybdenum Mine Joint Venture (Endako Mine) in British Columbia. The Company's principal products are copper, gold, and molybdenum. 	Thompson Creek Metals Company Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	700	July 29, 2008
TMR	TMAC Resources Inc is a Canada-based mineral exploration and development company. The Company is involved in the exploration, evaluation and development of the Hope Bay mineral property in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada (Hope Bay). Hope Bay is located approximately 685 kilometers northeast of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories and is situated east of Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut Territory. Hope Bay comprises an area of 1,101 square kilometer. Hope Bay mineral tenure includes Federal (the Crown) mineral claims, Crown mining leases, pending Crown mining leases and Inuit exploration agreements. 	TMAC Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	22	
TMC	Timbercreek Mortgage Investment Corporation is engaged in provision of Customized Mortgages to real estate investors, whom require funding during the transitional phase of the investment process. The Company's portfolio consists of a pool of mortgages or interests therein, meeting the criteria established in the Asset Allocation Model. The Company has 105 Customized Mortgages with an average size of approximately $3.8 million. The mortgage loans include mortgages secured by income-producing properties; mortgages with interest only payment terms; mortgages with terms of up to 36 months; mortgages with loan-to-value ratios of less than 85%; mortgages invested in urban markets across Canada, and mortgages secured by the properties. The Company invests aggregate funded and committed assets in mortgages secured by residential and multi-residential buildings, retail buildings, industrial buildings, office buildings and self-storage buildings, among others. 	Timbercreek Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	April 30, 2008
TRI.PR.B	nul	Thomson Reuters Corp	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	--	
TGF.UN	Timbercreek Global Real Estate Fund is a Canada-based closed-end fund. The fundamental investment objectives of the Fund are to provide unitholders with quarterly cash distributions and preserve capital while providing the opportunity for long-term capital appreciation for unitholders, and provide investors with the opportunity to participate in a portfolio of global real estate assets and securities that offer superior risk-adjusted returns while limiting volatility and preserving capital. It invests in real estate opportunities across various property types and markets. The Fund seeks to invest around 20% of its total assets in real estate. In addition, the Fund invests across the capital structure, including common equities, preferred shares and debt of both public and private real estate companies. It invests in sectors, such as office, hotel, shopping center, multifamily, industrial and healthcare, among others. Timbercreek Asset Management Ltd. is the manager of the Fund. 	Timbercreek Global Real Estate Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TMC.DB	nul	Timbercreek Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	
TMD	Titan Medical Inc. is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company focuses on the research and development of robotic surgical technologies for application in minimally invasive surgery (MIS). It is engaged in developing the SPORT (Single Port Orifice Robotic Technology) Surgical System, which is a single-incision (also referred to as single-port) robotic surgical system. The Company's SPORT Surgical System comprises a surgeon-controlled robotic platform that includes a three dimensional (3D) vision system and multi-articulating instruments for performing MIS procedures, and a surgeon workstation that provides the surgeon with an interface to the robotic platform and also provides a 3D endoscopic view of inside a patient's body cavity during MIS procedures. In addition to development of robotic surgical technologies, the Company also focuses on exploring in-licensing opportunities for technologies that may be used in conjunction with the Company's surgical system. 	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	12	July 28, 2008
MTG	Timbercreek Senior Mortgage Investment Corporation is a mortgage investment corporation. The Company invests in first mortgage investments. The fundamental investment objectives of the Company are to preserve shareholder capital of the Company and provide shareholders with a stable stream of monthly dividends. The Company intends to meet its investment objectives by investing in a diversified portfolio of mortgage investments, consisting primarily of conventional mortgage investments secured directly by multi-residential, retirement, office, retail and industrial real property across Canada, primarily located in urban markets and surrounding areas. Its business is providing customized first mortgages to qualified real estate investors, most of whom require funding during the transitional phase of the investment process. Timbercreek Asset Management Inc. is the manager of the Company. 	Timbercreek Senior Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	December 1, 2011
TMM	Timmins Gold Corp. is a gold producer engaged in the operation, development, exploration and acquisition of resource properties in Mexico. The Company owns and operates the Mine in the state of Sonora, Mexico. The Mine and the La Chicharra pit are collectively known as the Gold Property. The Company has title to approximately 200,000 hectares of exploration claims in and around the Gold Property. The Company also has title to the Timmins Goldcorp Mexico claims located in the state of Zacatecas, Mexico. The Company also holds 100.0% of the Caballo Blanco gold project, which is an advanced stage open pit, heap leach gold project located 65 kilometers Northwest of Veracruz, Mexico. The project consists of two large areas of epithermal gold mineralization, the Northern Zone and the Highway Zone, contained within 13 mineral concessions covering over 54,000 hectares. 	Timmins Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	156	March 17, 2005
TMD.WT.C	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TMD.WT.A	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TMD.WT.D	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TMD.WT.F	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TMD.WT.E	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TMD.WT.G	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TCT.UN	Top 10 Canadian Financial Trust (the Fund) is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide unitholders the Fund with a stable stream of quarterly cash distributions in an amount targeted to be 7.5% per annum on the NAV of the Fund and to return the Net Asset Value (NAV) per Unit as of August 2, 2005 (on a post-consolidated basis) of $15.60 to Unitholders upon termination of the Fund on the termination date. The Fund invests in a portfolio (the Financial Portfolio) consisting of securities of six Canadian banks and four Canadian life insurance companies. The Fund will generally invest not less than 5% and not more than 15% of the Fund's assets in each of the companies in the Financial Portfolio. The Fund employs an investment strategy, Strathbridge Selective Overwriting (SSO), to enhance the income generated by the portfolio and to reduce volatility. The Fund's investment manager is Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. 	Top 10 Canadian Financial Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TMD.WT.B	nul	Titan Medical Inc	Healthcare	Advanced Medical Equipment	--	
TD.PF.A	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD	The Toronto-Dominion Bank (the Bank) operates as a bank in North America. The Bank conducts its business through segments, such as Canadian Retail, U.S. Retail, Wholesale Banking and Corporate. Canadian Retail provides a range of financial products and services to customers in the Canadian personal and commercial banking businesses, including credit cards, auto finance, wealth and insurance businesses. U.S. Retail consists of the Bank's retail and commercial banking operations operating under the brand TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, and wealth management services in the United States. Wholesale Banking provides a range of capital markets, investment banking, and corporate banking products and services, including underwriting and distribution of new debt and equity issues, providing advice on strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and meeting the daily trading, funding and investment needs of its clients. The Bank is also an online financial services firm. 	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	81483	June 22, 1998
TD.PF.C	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PF.E	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PF.B	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PF.F	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PR.Y	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PF.D	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PR.S	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PR.T	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TD.PR.Z	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TOG	TORC Oil & Gas Ltd. is a Canada-based company. The Company's principal business activity is the exploration for and production of petroleum and natural gas in the Western Canadian sedimentary basin. 	TORC Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	30	November 19, 2012
TD.PF.G	nul	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Financials	Financial Services - Diversified	--	
TXT.PR.A	nul	Top 10 Split Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TTE.UN	Top 20 Europe Dividend Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Trust was established to provide holders (the Unitholders) of units of the Trust with investment exposure, on a tax-advantaged basis, to an equally-weighted portfolio consisting of the 20 highest yielding equity securities included in the Europe Dow, a regional index of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The Trust's investment objectives are to provide Unitholders with stable quarterly tax-advantaged distributions; provide Unitholders with the opportunity for capital appreciation, and mitigate the impact of foreign exchange exposure through the use of currency hedging strategies, in each case through exposure by virtue of the forward agreement. The Trust invests in various industry sectors, such as consumer discretionary, consumer staples, energy, healthcare, industrials, materials, telecommunication services and utilities. Highstreet Asset Management Inc. is the Portfolio Manager of the Trust. 	Top 20 Europe Dividend Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TXT.UN	Top 10 Split Trust (the Fund) is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives for capital units are to provide holders of capital units, upon redemption, with the benefit of any capital appreciation in the market price of the securities in the financial Portfolio and to pay quarterly distributions to holders of capital units in an amount targeted to be 7.5% per annum of the net asset value of the capital units. The Fund's investment objectives for preferred securities are to pay holders of preferred securities fixed quarterly cash interest payments equal to 6.25% per annum on the $12.5 principal amount of a preferred security and repay the principal amount of $12.5 per preferred security on the termination date of the Fund on March 31, 2016. The Fund invests in the six Canadian banks and the four Canadian life insurance companies by market capitalization. Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. is the investment manager of the Fund. 	Top 10 Split Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TUT.UN	Top 20 U.S. Dividend Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Trust's investment objectives are to provide unitholders with stable monthly tax-advantaged distributions, and to provide unitholders with the opportunity for capital appreciation, in each case through exposure by virtue of the Forward Agreement. The Trust invests in a range of sectors, including consumer discretionary, consumer staples, energy, financial services, healthcare, industrials, information technology, materials and telecommunication services. The Trust is managed by Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. 	Top 20 US Dividend Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 12, 2012
TTY.UN	Top 20 Dividend Trust (the Trust) is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Trust's investment objectives are to provide holders of units with stable monthly distributions and the opportunity for capital appreciation. The Trust provides holders of units with investment exposure to an equally-weighted portfolio, which consists of approximately 20 yielding securities included in the S&P/TSX 60 Index. The Trust invests in various sectors, which include financials, energy, telecommunication services, utilities and infrastructure, consumer discretionary, basic materials, and technology. Scotia Managed Companies Administration Inc. is the manager of the Trust, which is a subsidiary of Scotia Capital Inc. (SCI), which in turn is a subsidiary of The Bank of Nova Scotia. 	Top 20 Dividend Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TIH	Toromont Industries Ltd. is a Canada-based company that delivers specialized equipment and other products. The Company has two operational segments: the Equipment Group and CIMCO. The Equipment Group is engaged in the supply of specialized mobile equipment and industrial engines. The Equipment Group provides sales and rental solutions, as well as product support through Toromont Cat, Battlefield-The Cat Rental Store, SITECH Mid-Canada Ltd. and Ag West Equipment Ltd. CIMCO is engaged in the design, engineering, fabrication and installation of industrial and recreational refrigeration systems with operations in Canada and the United States. CIMCO offers systems designed to optimize energy usage through products, such as ECO CHILL. CIMCO has manufacturing facilities in Canada and the United States and sells its solutions globally. 	Toromont Industries Ltd	Industrials	Commercial Services & Supplies	3336	January 31, 1961
TXG	Torex Gold Resources Inc. is a resource company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of the Morelos Gold Property. The Morelos Gold Property consists of seven mineral concessions covering a total area of approximately 29,000 hectares and contains two projects, the El Limon Guajes Project and the Media Luna Project. The Morelos Gold Property is located in the Guerrero Gold Belt in southern Mexico, 180 kilometers to the southwest of Mexico City and approximately 50 kilometers southwest of Iguala. Its drilling areas located north of the Balsas River include the El Limon Guajes Project, El Limon Sur, Guajes South and Pacifico. Its prospective areas in the north include Todos Santos (north portion), Corona, Tecate, Azcala, Modelo, Querenque and El Limon Deep. Its drilling areas located south of the Balsas River include the Media Luna Project, El Cristo, Naranjo and La Fe. 	Torex Gold Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	342	April 30, 2010
TEI	Toscana Energy Income Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, development and production of petroleum and natural gas reserves in Western Canada. The Company's oil and natural gas properties are located in Alberta and Saskatchewan where the Company has interests in oil and natural gas wells. Its facilities consist of wellsite facilities and gathering pipelines. Most of the Company's production is processed in third party facilities. The Company's properties include Bigoray, Strachan and West Pembina; Tony Creek; Carmangay; Marten Creek; Royalty interests, and Hangingstone, among others. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Firenze; Toscana International LP; Toscana LP; Toscana Business Trust; Toscana GP Corp, and TFIT. 	Toscana Energy Income Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	March 2, 2010
TS.B	Torstar Corporation is a Canada-based media company. The Company has two operating segments: Metroland Media Group (MMG) and Star Media Group (SMG). MMG publishes The Hamilton Spectator, the Waterloo Region Record and the Guelph Mercury, and about 100 weekly community newspapers and has a number of specialty publications, directories, consumer shows and distribution operations, digital properties, including goldbook.ca, save.ca, travelalerts.ca and wagjag.com (WagJag). SMG includes the daily Toronto Star newspaper and thestar.com. SMG also includes Free Daily News Group Inc. (Metro English Canada), which publishes the English-language Metro free daily newspapers, and it owns an interest in the Chinese-language Sing Tao Daily and its related publications in Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary. SMG also includes wheels.ca, toronto.com, other publications and magazines and distribution services, eyeReturn Marketing Inc. and the Company's interests in workopolis.com and Olive Media. 	Torstar Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Publishing	6495	March 1, 1967
TEI.DB	nul	Toscana Energy Income Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
TOU	Tourmaline Oil Corp. (Tourmaline) is a Canada-based intermediate crude oil and natural gas exploration and production company, focused on exploration, development, production and acquisition program in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB). Tourmaline's three core areas include the Alberta Deep Basin, which is a multi-objective tight natural gas sand play area with up to 15 separate lower Cretaceous liquids-rich natural-gas-charged sand reservoirs; Sunrise/Dawson NEBC Montney, which is focused on liquids rich natural gas in the Triassic Montney formation and the Peace River High Regional Charlie Lake, which is the Company's exploration and production complex at Spirit River-Mulligan-Earring, Alberta. Tourmaline has ownership interests in six natural gas plants in the Alberta Deep Basin, five of which, the Wild River 14-20 plant, the Hinton 6-32 gas plant, the Minehead 15-12 plant, the Anderson 1-9 plant and the Musreau 8-13 plant. 	Tourmaline Oil Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	186	January 1, 2015
TA.PR.D	nul	TransAlta Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
TA	TransAlta Corporation (TransAlta) is engaged in the production and sale of electric energy. The Company is organized into three business segments: Generation, Energy Marketing and Corporate. The Generation segment is responsible for constructing, operating and maintaining the Company's electricity generation, as well as the operation and maintenance of its related mining operations in Canada. The Energy Marketing segment is responsible for marketing its production through short-term and long-term contracts. The Energy Marketing segment also encompasses the management of available generating capacity, as well as the fuel and transmission needs of the Generation business. The Corporate segment provides finance, tax, treasury, legal, regulatory, environmental, health and safety, sustainable development, corporate communications, government and investor relations, procurement, information technology, risk management, human resources, internal audit and other administrative services. 	TransAlta Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	2380	March 1985
TOT	Total Energy Services Inc. is a Canada-based energy services company. Through its operating divisions, wholly owned subsidiaries and limited partnerships, the Company is engaged in three businesses: contract drilling services (Chinook Drilling or Chinook), the rental and transportation of equipment used in the drilling, completion and production of oil and natural gas wells (Total Oilfield Rentals) and the fabrication, sale, rental and servicing of new and used natural gas compression (Bidell) and process equipment (Spectrum). It operates a fleet of around 18 rigs in western Canada. The Company operates out of around 22 locations throughout Western Canada and the Northwestern United States and owns and operates approximately 10,000 pieces of rental equipment, as well as a modern fleet of around 109 heavy trucks. The Company provides a range of natural gas compression equipment and service, as well as select oil and natural gas process equipment. 	Total Energy Services Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	886	November 4, 1996
TA.PR.H	nul	TransAlta Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
TA.PR.F	nul	TransAlta Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
RNW	TransAlta Renewables Inc. is a Canada-based renewable power company. The Company is engaged in developing, owning and operating renewable power generation facilities. The Company owns and operates around 12 hydro facilities and 16 wind farms in Western and Eastern Canada and holds an economic interest in the around 144 megawatts Wyoming Wind Farm. The Company's Canadian facilities are located in around five provinces within Canada: British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick. The full capacity of the facilities, where the Company has an interest, is around 1,376 megawatts. The Company's generating assets had approximately 1,283 megawatts of gross generating capacity in operation. 	TransAlta Renewables Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	May 28, 2013
TXP	Touchstone Exploration Inc. is engaged in the business of acquiring interests in petroleum and natural gas right. The Company is also engaged in the exploration, development, production and sale of petroleum and natural gas. It operates onshore properties located in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and western Canada. The Company's projects include Kerrobert project, Luseland, Beadle and Dawson in Canada and WD-8 Block, Coora Blocks, WD-4 Block, Fyzabad, Barrackpore, Ortoire and East Brighton Block in Trinidad. The Kerrobert project is located on approximately 938 net acres of land in the Mannville heavy oil pool located near the town of Kerrobert in west central Saskatchewan. The Company owns rights to 11,760 net acres of undeveloped land in Luseland areas of Saskatchewan on the same Mannville channel as the Company's Kerrobert facility. The WD-8 field has a total of approximately 650 net acres and is producing from 55 of 82 wells from both the Forest and Cruse formations. 	Touchstone Exploration Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	137	December 31, 2012
TRP.PR.A	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TA.PR.J	nul	TransAlta Corp	Utilities	Utilities - Electric	--	
TRP.PR.B	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TNP	TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd. is an international oil and natural gas company engaged in acquisition, exploration, development and production. The Company has operations in Turkey, Bulgaria and Albania. As of December 31, 2014, it held interests in approximately 1.8 million net acres of developed and undeveloped oil and natural gas properties in Turkey, Albania and Bulgaria. Its three geographic segments include Turkey, Bulgaria and Albania. The Turkey segment includes holding interests in 19 onshore and offshore exploration licenses and 20 onshore production leases covering a total of 1.8 million gross acres (1.1 million net acres). The Bulgaria segment includes holding interests in one onshore exploration concession and one onshore production concession covering a total of 567,000 acres in Bulgaria. The Albania segment includes owning 100% of the interests in three onshore oil fields and one gas concession consisting of one onshore gas field and one exploration license. 	TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	719	October 1, 2009
TRP	TransCanada Corporation (TransCanada) is an energy infrastructure company. The Company operates through three segments: Natural Gas Pipelines, Liquids Pipelines and Energy. Natural Gas Pipelines and Liquids Pipelines consist of its respective natural gas and liquids pipelines in Canada, the United States and Mexico, as well as its regulated natural gas storage operations in the United States. Its natural gas pipeline network transports natural gas to local distribution companies, power generation facilities and other businesses across Canada, the United States and Mexico. Its existing liquids pipeline infrastructure connects Alberta and the United States crude oil supplies to the United States refining markets in Illinois, Oklahoma and Texas, as well as connecting the United States crude oil supplies from the Cushing, Oklahoma hub to refining markets in the United States Gulf Coast. Energy includes its power operations and the non-regulated natural gas storage business in Canada. 	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	5512	February 25, 2003
TRP.PR.E	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRP.PR.C	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRP.PR.F	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRP.PR.D	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRP.PR.H	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRP.PR.G	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRP.PR.I	nul	TransCanada Corp	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
TRZ	TRANSAT AT Inc is a Canada-based integrated tour operator that specializes in holiday travel and offers 60 destination countries. The Company owns an air carrier and provides destination services. Its key markets are sun destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean and Florida. It offers all-inclusive packages, tours or cruises year-round, but primarily in the winter months with departures from Canada. The Company also offers year-round travel from Canada to European destinations and vice-versa; but mainly in summer, with approximately 60 direct city-pairs in this market. It operates through five business segments. They are Outgoing tour operators, Incoming tour operators and destination services, Retail distribution, Air transportation and Hotels. 	Transat AT Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	5500	February 13, 1987
TCL.A	Transcontinental Inc. (TC Transcontinental) is a Canada-based company with operations in print and digital media, publishing and flexible packaging. The Company's operating segments include the Printing and Packaging Sector, the Media Sector, and Head office and inter-segment eliminations. The Printing and Packaging Sector is engaged in the printing of retail flyers, magazines, newspapers, color books, and personalized and mass marketing products, and the production of flexible packaging solutions in the United States. The Media Sector is involved in print and digital publishing, in French and English, of newspapers, educational books, consumer magazines, specialized publications for professionals, promotional content for retailers, mass and personalized marketing tools, mobile and interactive applications, and a door-to-door distribution network and digital platforms. TC Transcontinental has approximately 24 printing plants and two flexible packaging plants. 	Transcontinental Inc	Industrials	Commercial Printing Services	8000	March 3, 1978
TFI	TransForce Inc. is engaged in the provision of transportation and logistics services across Canada and the United States. The Company offers services to five segments: Package and Courier, which includes pickup, transport and delivery of items across North America; Less-Than-Truckload, which offers pickup, consolidation, transport and delivery of smaller loads; Truckload, which carries loads directly from the customer to the destination using a closed van or specialized equipment, which includes expedited transportation, flatbed, container and dedicated services; Waste Management, which offers services for integrated residual materials management, ranging from collection to disposal, through conversion and recycling, to meet specific needs of its clients in municipal, industrial, commercial and institutional sectors, and Logistics and Other Services, which offers logistics services and rig moving services. 	Transforce Inc	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	15496	March 28, 2008
TCL.B	Transcontinental Inc. (TC Transcontinental) is a Canada-based company with operations in print and digital media, publishing and flexible packaging. The Company's operating segments include the Printing and Packaging Sector, the Media Sector, and Head office and inter-segment eliminations. The Printing and Packaging Sector is engaged in the printing of retail flyers, magazines, newspapers, color books, and personalized and mass marketing products, and the production of flexible packaging solutions in the United States. The Media Sector is involved in print and digital publishing, in French and English, of newspapers, educational books, consumer magazines, specialized publications for professionals, promotional content for retailers, mass and personalized marketing tools, mobile and interactive applications, and a door-to-door distribution network and digital platforms. TC Transcontinental has approximately 24 printing plants and two flexible packaging plants. 	Transcontinental Inc	Industrials	Commercial Printing Services	8000	March 3, 1978
TGL.DB	nul	TransGlobe Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
TTH	Transition Therapeutics Inc. is a product-focused biopharmaceutical company. The Company's principal business activity is the researching and developing of therapeutic agents. The Company is developing therapeutics for central nervous system (CNS) and metabolic disease indications. The Company's technologies are focused on the treatment of agitation and aggression in Alzheimer's disease and diabetes. The Company's subsidiary, Transition Therapeutics Ireland Limited (Transition Ireland), is developing two drug candidates: neuropsychiatric candidate ELND005 and androgen deficiency candidate TT701. The Company's subsidiary, Waratah Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Waratah), is developing diabetes drug candidate TT401. The Company's other two entities provide development services in support of the clinical and non-clinical activities of Transition Ireland and Waratah. 	Transition Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	18	July 6, 1998
TGL	TransGlobe Energy Corporation (TransGlobe) is a Canada-based company engaged in the oil and gas exploration and production industry. The Company's main business activities consist of the exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas liquids focused in Egypt. TransGlobe holds working interest in eight Production Sharing Concessions (PSCs) in Egypt: West Gharib Concession, North West Gharib Concession, South West Gharib Concession, South East Gharib Concession, West Bakr Concession, South Alamein Concession, South Ghazalat Concession and North West Sitra Concession. 	TransGlobe Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	110	August 6, 1968
TML	Treasury Metals Inc. is a Canada-based gold exploration and development company. The Company is focused on its 100% owned Goliath Gold Project located near Dryden in northwestern Ontario. The Company's others projects include Goldcliff Project, Lara Polymetallic Project and Net Smelter Royalty, Cerro Colorado Gold Mine. The Goliath Gold Project (Goliath) is located in the Kenora Mining Division. Goliath Gold Project consists of approximately 4,881 hectares and comprises two properties, which include the Thunder Lake Property and Corona Gold Corp. The Goldcliff Project (Goldcliff) represents a gold discovery in the Kenora Gold District and is situated within the Boyer Lake Area of the Kenora Mining District. Goldcliff totals 570 units and covers approximately 9,120 hectares. The Lara Polymetallic Project, located in the southern region of Vancouver Island. The Company owns a 3% Net Smelter Royalty (NSR) on the Cerro Colorado gold mining operation in Sonora State, Mexico. 	Treasury Metals Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	16	December 31, 1997
TZZ	Trez Capital Mortgage Investment Corporation is a Canada-based non-bank lender providing residential and commercial short-term bridge and conventional real estate financing, including construction and mezzanine mortgages. The Company's investment objective is to own and maintain a diversified portfolio of mortgages that preserves capital and generates returns. The Company focuses on short-term bridge financing mortgages, which are not serviced by traditional real estate lenders, to qualified real estate investors and developers. The Company's mortgage investment portfolio consists of residential, office, industrial and hotel. The Company is managed by Trez Capital Fund Management Limited Partnership. 	Trez Capital Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Consumer Financial Services	--	April 18, 2012
TGA.DB	nul	Transglobe Apartment Real Estate Investment Trust			--	
TSL	Tree Island Steel Ltd. is a Canada-based company is a manufacturer and supplier of wire products for a range of applications. The Company is engaged in making products from steel wire for a range of customers for industrial, construction, agricultural, and specialty applications. The Company's products include galvanized wire, bright wire, an array of fasteners, including packaged, collated and bulk nails, stucco reinforcing products, concrete reinforcing mesh, fencing, and other fabricated wire products. The Company markets products under the Tree Island, Halsteel, K-Lath, Industrial Alloys, TI Wire, and Tough Strand brand names. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include Tree Island Industries Limited (TII), Tree Island Wire Holdings (USA), Inc., Tree Island International Trade (Beijing) Company, Ltd and Tree Island Wire (USA) Inc. 	Tree Island Steel Ltd	Basic Materials	Steel	560	August 2, 2012
TRH.UN	Triax Diversified High-Yield Trust is a Canada-based closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders with income equal to or exceeding the yield on ten year Government of Canada bonds plus 2% (net of management fees, operating expenses and debt service costs, and exclusive of any capital gains or losses) distributed to holders monthly over the life of the Fund; and to seek capital appreciation and maximize the net assets of the Fund available for distribution to Holders upon termination of the Fund. The Fund invests in securities across a range of investment vehicles in various industries and geographic regions. It may invest in debt and convertible debt securities of Canadian and foreign issuers, securities of private issuers and may invest in participations in loans to corporate borrowers offered by banks or other financial institutions. First Asset Investment Management Inc. is the manager and investment advisor of the Fund. 	Triax Diversified High-Yield Trust	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	February 6, 1997
TV	Trevali Mining Corporation is a Canada-based natural resource company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production from mineral properties. The Company holds four properties in Canada and an interest in one property in Peru with an option on a second Peruvian property. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Trevali Peru S.A.C., operates the Santander underground mine and metallurgical plant located in Peru. The Company is producing zinc and lead-silver concentrates. In Canada, the Company owns through its wholly owned subsidiaries, the Caribou mine and mill, the Halfmile mine and the Stratmat polymetallic deposit all located in northern New Brunswick. 	Trevali Mining Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	50	June 16, 1964
TZS	Trez Capital Senior Mortgage Investment Corporation (Trez) is a Canada-based non-bank commercial mortgage lender. The Company's investment objective is to preserve capital while generating a return to pay dividends to shareholders. Trez has investments in around 28 mortgages, including 19 residential mortgages, three office mortgages, one hotel mortgage, two industrial mortgages, two retail mortgages and one mixed use mortgage. The Company is engaged in providing residential and commercial short-term bridge and conventional real estate financing, including construction and mezzanine mortgages. The Company provides the commercial real estate developers with short-term financing on projects. The Company is managed by Trez Capital Fund Management Limited Partnership. 	Trez Capital Senior Mortgage Investment Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 18, 2012
TCW	Trican Well Service Ltd. is a Canada-based oilfield services company. The Company provides specialized products, equipment, services and technology for use in the drilling, completion, stimulation and reworking of oil and gas wells in Canada, the United States and International operations, made up of Russia, Kazakhstan, Australia, Colombia, Saudi Arabia and Norway. The Company has three operating divisions: Canada, the United States and International. The Canadian operations provides cementing, fracturing, coiled tubing, nitrogen, geological, acidizing, reservoir management, industrial cleaning and pipeline, and completion systems and downhole tool services. The United States operations provides cementing, fracturing, coiled tubing, nitrogen, acidizing and completion systems and downhole tool services. The International operations provides cementing, fracturing, coiled tubing, acidizing, nitrogen, and completion systems and downhole tool services. 	Trican Well Service Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	2794	April 11, 1979
TCZ	nul	Trident Performance Corp II			--	
TCN	Tricon Capital Group, Inc. is an asset manager and principal investor focused on the residential real estate industry in North America. The Company operates two businesses: Private Funds and Advisory business and Principal Investment business. The Company's Private Funds and Advisory business and Principal Investment business are focused on three related business verticals within the North American residential real estate industry: Tricon Housing Partners, Tricon American Homes and Tricon Lifestyle Communities. The Private Funds and Advisory business is focused on the land and homebuilding sector. At Tricon Housing Partners, the Company co-invests in private investment vehicles. At Tricon American Homes, the Company invests in single-family rental homes through an integrated business platform. At Tricon Lifestyle Communities, the Company has entered into a joint venture with Cobblestone to purchase three to five star manufactured housing communities. 	Tricon Capital Group Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	23	June 16, 1997
TMI	TriMetals Mining Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of the near surface, Gold Springs gold-silver project; the advancement of the Escalones copper-gold project, and realization of value from the expropriated Malku Khota project through an arbitration process. The Company holds a 100% interest in the 74 square kilometers Gold Springs gold project located in western Utah and eastern Nevada. As of 2014, the Company completed 178 drill holes at Gold Springs, including 37 holes in the 2014 drill program for a total of 24,994 meters with the drilling focused on the Jumbo and Grey Eagle Zones. The Escalones copper-gold project is located in central Chilean mining district which includes the El Teniente deposit of underground copper mine. The Malku Khota project is located approximately 200 kilometers north of Potosi, Bolivia and consists of silver, indium and gallium resources. 	Trimetals Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	December 17, 2013
TOS	TSO3 inc. encompasses the sale, production, maintenance, research, development and licensing of sterilization processes, related consumable supplies and accessories for heat-sensitive medical devices. The Company designs products for sterile processing areas in the hospital environment that offer an advantageous replacement solution to other low temperature sterilization processes used in hospitals. It also offers services related to the maintenance of sterilization equipment and compatibility testing of medical devices with such processes. The Company's products include STERIZONE 125L+ Sterilizers. The single cycle of the STERIZONE VP4 Sterilizer can sterilize a number and range of compatible devices. 	TSO3 Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	62	March 6, 2001
TR	Trillium Therapeutics Inc. (Trillium), formerly Stem Cell Therapeutics Corp., is a Canada-based immuno-oncology company developing therapies for the treatment of cancer. The Company's lead program, SIRPaFc, is an antibody-like protein that harnesses the innate immune system by blocking the activity of CD47, a molecule whose expression is increased on cancer cells to evade the host immune system. SIRPaFc is in pre-clinical development as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia (AML). CD47 binds SIRPaFc on the surface of macrophages, and transmits a do-not-eat signal that protects cells from macrophage attack. The Company is also developing human monoclonal antibodies that block the activity of CD200, an immunosuppressive molecule. The Company's antibodies bind to human CD200 with high affinity, potently neutralize CD200 function in-vitro, and have anti-tumor activity in a human xenograft model. 	Trillium Therapeutics Inc	Healthcare	Biotechnology	18	March 31, 2004
TCP	nul	Trident Performance Corp			--	
TCN.DB.A	nul	Tricon Capital Group Inc	Financials	Real Estate Operations	--	
TMI.B	TriMetals Mining Inc. is a mineral exploration company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of the near surface, Gold Springs gold-silver project; the advancement of the Escalones copper-gold project, and realization of value from the expropriated Malku Khota project through an arbitration process. The Company holds a 100% interest in the 74 square kilometers Gold Springs gold project located in western Utah and eastern Nevada. As of 2014, the Company completed 178 drill holes at Gold Springs, including 37 holes in the 2014 drill program for a total of 24,994 meters with the drilling focused on the Jumbo and Grey Eagle Zones. The Escalones copper-gold project is located in central Chilean mining district which includes the El Teniente deposit of underground copper mine. The Malku Khota project is located approximately 200 kilometers north of Potosi, Bolivia and consists of silver, indium and gallium resources. 	Trimetals Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	December 17, 2013
TET	Trilogy Energy Corp. (Trilogy) is a Canada-based petroleum and natural gas-focused energy company. The Company develops, produces and sells natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids. The Company's properties are located in the Kaybob area and Grande Prairie area. Its Kaybob area properties include Kaybob Montney Oil Pool Development, Presley Montney Gas Development, Duvernay Shale Oil and Gas Development, Gething Oil Development and Dunvegan Oil Development. The Company produced around 32,894 barrels of oil equivalent per day (Boe/d) in the Kaybob area. Trilogy holds an average of 90% working interest in Kaybob area and also holds an 11% working interest in one non-operated gas plant. It also holds an average of 60% interest in three Trilogy operated oil batteries, which process around 95% of Trilogy's oil production in Kaybob area. The Company's Grande Prairie area produced around 2,210 Boe/d. The Grande Prairie area contains around 123 gross (47.63 net) producing wells. 	Trilogy Energy Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	105	December 22, 2009
TDG	Trinidad Drilling Ltd. (Trinidad) is a Canada-based drilling rig contractor. Trinidad operates in the drilling and barge-drilling sectors of the North American oil and natural gas industry. Trinidad operates through four segments: Canadian Operations, consisting of the Company's Canadian land drilling operations; the United States and International Operations, which provides contract drilling services to the United States and Mexican oil and gas industry; Manufacturing Operations, consisting of the operations of Trinidad's subsidiary, Victory Rig Equipment Corporation (Victory), doing business as Trinidad Design & Manufacturing (TDM), a drilling rig and equipment construction and fabrication business which builds and maintains, and recertifies drilling and related equipment, and Joint Venture Operations, which provides contract drilling services to Halliburton Company for its international integrated projects. 	Trinidad Drilling Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	2772	June 28, 1996
TMA	Trimac Transportation Ltd. is a provider of bulk trucking services with operations from coast to coast. In addition, through its National Tank Services division, the Company performs repairs, maintenance, trailer fabrication and tanktrailer cleaning services for both, the Company's fleet and for third-party commercial customers. The Company also provides third-party transportation logistics services in Canada and the United States through its wholly owned subsidiary, Bulk Plus Logistics (BPL). BPL generates revenue through transload and warehousing operations, third party logistics and third party freight management in both Canada and the United States. Through its railtotruck or trucktorail transloading services, BPL complements the bulk trucking services of the Company. 	Trimac Transportation Ltd	Industrials	Rails & Roads - Freights	1774	October 19, 2010
TNT.UN	True North Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust is an unincorporated, open-ended real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is focused on acquiring and operating commercial rental properties across Canada. At December 31, 2014 the Company's portfolio consisted of 21 commercial properties totaling approximately 1,223,000 square feet of gross leasable area. 	True North Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	0	
TVA.B	TVA Group Inc. (TVA Group) is a Canada-based communications company. The Company is a subsidiary of Quebecor Media Inc. (QMI) and has operations in two business segments: Broadcasting & Production and Magazines. In the Broadcasting & Production segment, the Company creates, produces and broadcasts entertainment, information and public affairs programming, distributes audiovisual products and films, and is engaged in commercial production, the operations of TVA Network, marketing of digital products associated with the various televisual brands, the commercial production and dubbing operations of TVA Acc&#232;s Inc. TVA Group also holds interests in the Evasion specialty service and in the English-language specialty service SUN News Network (SUN News). In the Magazines segment, TVA Group publishes over 50 titles in French language, the operations of TVA Publications Inc. (TVA Publications) and Les Publications Charron & Cie Inc. (Publications Charron). 	TVA Group Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	1793	January 23, 1995
TVI	TVI Pacific Inc. (TVI) is a Canada-based resource company. The Company is focused on the production, development, exploration and acquisition of resource projects in the Asia Pacific region. The Company is evaluating the Cirianiu Gold Project located in Fiji. The Cirianiu Gold Project covers approximately 660 square kilometers in the Macuata Province of northern Vanua Levu Island, Fiji. The Company is conducting first stage exploratory work on the Cirianiu Gold Project. The Company has three operational segments: mining exploration in Fiji, and investments in mining activities in the Philippines and Papua New Guinea; petroleum exploration in the Philippines and corporate offices in Canada. The Company's holds a 30.66% interest in TVI Resource Development (Phils.), Inc. (TVIRD), a private Philippine resource company engaged in the production of nickel laterite ore at the Agata project, as well as the completion of a definitive feasibility study on a nickel processing facility. 	TVI Pacific Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	January 12, 1987
TWC	TWC Enterprises Ltd, formerly ClubLink Enterprises Limited, is a Canada-based owner and operator of golf clubs. The Company operates in two segments: golf club operations and rail and port operations. The Company is engaged in golf club operations under the trademark ClubLink One Membership More Golf. The Company has 54 and half, 18-hole equivalent championship and six 18-hole equivalent academy courses at 44 locations in Ontario, Quebec and Florida. The Company is engaged in rail and port operations based in Skagway, Alaska which operate under the trade name White Pass & Yukon Route (White Pass). The railway stretches approximately 177 kilometers (110 miles) from Skagway, Alaska to Whitehorse, Yukon. Presently, approximately 110 kilometers (67.5 miles) of the railway is in active service from Skagway, Alaska to Carcross, Yukon. In addition, White Pass operates three docks, primarily for cruise ships. 	TWC Enterprises Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	550	October 22, 1997
TX.DB.B	nul	Tuckamore Capital Management Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TC	Tucows Inc. is an Internet services provider. The Company focuses on serving the needs of network of resellers by providing services, interfaces, customer service, reseller-oriented technology, and design and development processes. The Company also provides second tier support to its resellers by e-mail and phone in the event resellers experience issues or problems with its services. In addition, the Company's Network Operating Center provides support to its resellers by monitoring services and network infrastructure. The Company operates two segments: Domain Services and Network Access Services. The Company's primary distribution channel is a network of more than 13,000 resellers in over 100 countries. The Company focuses its service offerings under four brands: OpenSRS, YummyNames, Hover and Ting. 	Tucows Inc	Technology	IT Services & Consulting	0	November 5, 1992
TX	Tuckamore Capital Management Inc. is a Canada-based firm. The Company is engaged in indirectly investing in securities of private businesses, either in limited partnerships or in corporations (collectively the Operating Partnerships). The Company provides funding to the Operating Partnerships to fund working capital requirements. The Company has three industry segments, which include Marketing, Industrial Services and Other. The Company has ownership interests in various companies, which fall under each of these segments. In the marketing segment, the Company has around 100% interest in Gemma Communications LP and around 80% interest in IC Group LP. In the Industrial Services segment, the Company has 100% interest in ClearStream Energy Services LP and Quantum Murray LP. In the Other segment, the Company has around 80% interest in Gusgo Transport LP, 36% interest in Rlogistics LP and 92% interest in Titan Supply LP. 	Tuckamore Capital Management Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 18, 2011
TX.RT	nul	Tuckamore Capital Management Inc	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
TRQ	Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd. (Turquoise Hill) is an international mining company focused on mining operations in Mongolia. The Company's principal and only material mineral resource property is the Oyu Tolgoi copper-gold mine in southern Mongolia. The Oyu Tolgoi Mine is approximately 550 kilometers south of Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia's capital city, and 80 kilometers north of the Mongolia-China border. The minerals on the property consist of porphyry-style copper, gold, silver and molybdenum contained in a linear structural trend (the Oyu Tolgoi Trend) that extends over 26 kilometers. Mineral resources include, from south to north, the Heruga Deposit, the Southern Oyu deposits (Southwest Oyu, South Oyu, Wedge and Central Oyu) and the Hugo Dummett deposits (Hugo South, Hugo North and Hugo North Extension). 	Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	2897	February 1995
TBE.DB	nul	Twin Butte Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
TBE	Twin Butte Energy Ltd. is a Canada-based intermediate oil and gas company. The Company's production is derived from five regions, which include The Provost medium oil region is located along the eastern edge of Alberta between Township; The Lloydminster region (consisting of the Frog Lake field, the Saskatchewan-South field, the Saskatchewan-Central field, the Saskatchewan-North field and the Alberta-Other Heavy field) is centered around the City of Lloydminster on the Alberta/Saskatchewan border; The Plains region is on the eastern half of Alberta running from east of Calgary to southeast of Edmonton; The West Central Alberta region is 125 kilometers northwest of Edmonton and The Pincher Creek region is 20 kilometers southeast of Pincher Creek, Alberta. The producing areas in South field are Ear Lake, Freemont and Primate; Central Field are Silverdale, Furness and Lashburn; North Field are Celtic, Mervin and Tangleflags, and Other Heavy field are Swimming, Wildmere and Lloydminster. 	Twin Butte Energy Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	102	November 5, 2013
USM.UN	nul	US Agency Mortgage-Backed REIT Advantaged Fund			--	
UWE	U3O8 Corp. is a Canada-based exploration company focused on exploration and resource expansion of uranium and related minerals in South America. The Company has land holdings in Argentina, Colombia and Guyana in South America. The Company's projects include Laguna Salada Project, a surficial uranium-vanadium deposit in Argentina; Berlin Project, a uranium resource in limestone and sandstone that also contains phosphate, vanadium, nickel, rare earths and other metals, in Colombia, and Kurupung Project, an albitite-hosted uranium resource in Guyana. The Company also has interests in early-stage companies, including South American Silica Corp. (SAS) with exploration properties in southern South America, and Minexco Minerals Corp. (Minexco) with exploration ground in Guyana, which has frac sand, as well as gold and iron oxide-copper-gold (IOCG). 	U3O8 Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	32	December 6, 2005
UEX	UEX Corporation is a Canada-based uranium exploration and development company. The Company acquires, explores and develops uranium properties. Its uranium exploration properties are located in the Athabasca Basin of northern Saskatchewan. It also has ownership in various properties, which include 100% owned Hidden Bay Project (Hidden Bay) in the eastern Athabasca Basin, which contains three deposits with both indicated and inferred mineral resources. The Western Athabasca Projects, located in the western Athabasca Basin, which include the Kianna, Anne, Colette and 58B deposits located at the Shea Creek Project, are nine joint ventures with the Company holding an about 49.1% interest and AREVA Resources Canada Inc. holding an approximate 50.9% interest as of December 31, 2014. The Company also has an ownership interest in other mineral properties, which includes Black Lake Project, the Beatty River Project, Riou Lake Project and the Northern Athabasca Projects. 	UEX Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	5	October 2, 2001
USF.UN	U.S. Financials Income Fund is an investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of units (Unitholders) with quarterly cash distributions, and to maximize total return through capital appreciation and distributions. The Fund invests in an actively managed portfolio of United States financial issuers selected from the SandP 500 Index that are classified as financials by Standard and Poor's Global Industry Classification Standard and which have a market capitalization of at least dollar10 billion and a SandP Rating of at least A- at the time of purchase. The Portfolio will also include United States publicly listed alternative asset management issuers which have a market capitalization of at least dollar5 billion at the time of purchase. The manager and investment manager of the Fund is Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. 	U.S. Financials Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
USH.UN	U.S. Housing Recovery Fund (the Fund) is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide holders of units with the opportunity for capital appreciation; monthly distributions, and lower overall volatility of portfolio returns than would be experienced by owning securities of Housing Issuers directly. The Fund provides investors with an opportunity to gain exposure to the anticipated recovery in the United States housing sector. The Fund invests in various sectors, which include consumer discretionary, financials, industrials and materials. The Fund invests in equity securities in sectors, such as homebuilders, building products, home improvement, and houseware and appliances. BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. is the manager of the Fund. 	U.S. Housing Recovery Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	October 3, 2012
US	nul	U.S. Dividend Growers Income Corp			--	
PUB.UN	nul	US Banks Income & Growth Fund			--	
GPF.UN	nul	US Tactical Allocation Fund			--	
UNG.PR.C	Union Gas Limited (Union Gas) is a Canada-based natural gas storage, transmission and distribution company. The Company owns and operates natural gas distribution, storage and transmission facilities in Ontario. The Company distributes natural gas to customers in northern, southwestern and eastern Ontario and provides natural gas storage and transportation services for other utilities and energy market participants. The property, plant and equipment of the Company consist primarily of pipeline, storage and compression facilities used in the distribution, storage and transportation of natural gas. The distribution business serves about 1.4 million residential, commercial and industrial customers in approximately 400 communities across northern, southwestern and eastern Ontario. Union Gas' storage and transmission business offers a range of storage and transportation services to customers at the Dawn Hub (Dawn). 	Union Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	2233	November 19, 1911
UNG.PR.D	nul	Union Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
UNS	Uni Select Inc is a Canada-based distributor of automotive parts and paint products. The Company is engaged in the distribution, sale and marketing of replacement parts, equipment, tools and accessories, and paint and related products for motor vehicles in the Canadian wholesale automotive aftermarket. Through its subsidiary, FinishMaster, Inc., which sells automotive paints, coatings and related accessories under its SMART brand, the Company distributes automotive paint and related products in North America. It distributes brake parts, suspension parts, driveline and exhaust components, paint and body shop products, lubricants and chemical products, equipment and tools, maintenance products, including filtration, as well as parts for temperature control, fuel systems and engine management components. The Company's products are available under its private brands, including Auto Extra and Maktig. Its other subsidiaries include Uni-Select Quebec Inc., and Uni-Select Eastern Inc. 	Uni-Select Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	5300	June 2, 1995
HUL.UN	US Buyback Leaders Fund is a Canada-based closed-end investment fund. The Funds investment objective is to provide holders of units' (unitholders) with the opportunity for capital appreciation and quarterly cash distributions. The Fund will provide investors with a Portfolio of Equity Securities of the 25 issuers with the Buyback Ratio that meet the criteria, which are included in the S&P 500 Index; have a market capitalization that is at least $10 billion as determined at the time of investment; incorporated in the United States of America; pay a dividend, and have bought back their shares within the prior four quarters as determined at the time of investment. The Fund invests in sectors, which include materials-agricultural and chemical, information technology, energy, consumer staples, consumer discretionary, industrials, financials and health care. Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. is the investment manager and portfolio adviser of the Fund. 	US Buyback Leaders Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 25, 2015
FTU	US Financial 15 Split Corp is a Canada-based mutual fund corporation. The Company invests primarily in a portfolio of common shares (the Portfolio), which will include each of the 15 United States financial services companies, such as American Express Company, Bank of America Corp., Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Citigroup Inc. CME Group Inc., Fifth Third Bancorporation, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, PNC Financial Services Group Inc., Regions Financial Corp., State Street Corp., Suntrust Banks Inc., US Bancorp. and Wells Fargo & Co. The Company may also invest up to 20% of its net asset value in equity securities of issuers other than the 15 financial services companies. The investment manager of the Company is Quadravest Capital Management Inc. (Quadravest). 	US Financial 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 17, 2004
UNC.PR.A	nul	United Corporations Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
UNC	United Corporations Limited (United) is a Canada-based closed-end investment company. The Company is an investment vehicle for long-term growth through investments in common equities. The objective of the Company is to earn an above-average rate of return, primarily through long-term capital appreciation and dividend income. The assets of the Company may be invested in interest-bearing short-term securities pending the selection of equity investments. The investment portfolio of the Company comprises a mix of predominantly foreign equities. The external investment portfolio of the Company is managed by Jarislowsky Fraser Limited (Jarislowsky) and ValueInvest Asset Management S.A. (ValueInvest). 	United Corporations Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 20, 1977
UNC.PR.C	nul	United Corporations Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
FTU.PR.B	nul	US Financial 15 Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
URB	Urbana Corporation is a Canada-based investment company. The Company is a non-redeemable investment fund for the purposes of applicable securities laws. The long-term strategy of Urbana is to continue to seek and acquire investments for income and capital appreciation. Caldwell Investment Management Ltd. is the investment manager of the Company. 	Urbana Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 25, 1947
URE	Ur-Energy, Inc. is an exploration-stage mining company. The Company is engaged in uranium mining, recovery and processing activities, including the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of uranium mineral properties located primarily in Wyoming, United States. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary Ur-Energy USA Inc., which has three wholly owned subsidiaries: NFU Wyoming, LLC, Lost Creek ISR, LLC and Pathfinder Mines Corporation. NFU Wyoming facilitates acquisition of certain property and assets and acts as the Company's land holding and exploration entity. Lost Creek ISR holds and operates the Company's Lost Creek Project and certain other of Lost Creek properties and assets. Pathfinder Mines holds, among other assets, the Shirley Basin and Lucky Mc properties in Wyoming. The Company's land portfolio includes 14 projects in the United States. 	Ur-Energy Inc			104	August 8, 2006
URB.A	Urbana Corporation is a Canada-based investment company. The Company is a non-redeemable investment fund for the purposes of applicable securities laws. The long-term strategy of Urbana is to continue to seek and acquire investments for income and capital appreciation. Caldwell Investment Management Ltd. is the investment manager of the Company. 	Urbana Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	August 25, 1947
U	Uranium Participation Corp is a Canada-based investment company. The Company invests all of its assets in Uranium, either in the form of uranium oxide in concentrates (U3O8) or uranium hexafluoride (UF6). The Company's primary objective is achieving appreciation in the value of its uranium holdings through increases in the uranium price. The Company's uranium is held directly or indirectly through its subsidiary Uranium Participation Cyprus Limited. The Company invests at least 85% of the proceeds of its equity offerings in uranium and also lends its uranium to third parties from time to time. Denison Mines Inc. (The Manager) provides general administration and management services to the Company. 	Uranium Participation Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	March 15, 2005
UNC.PR.B	nul	United Corporations Ltd	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
UST.UN	nul	Utility Split Trust			--	
UTC.C	Utility Corp. is a mutual fund company. The Funds investment portfolio consists of publicly listed income trusts and companies of selected Canadian utility and telecommunication issuers. The Fund provides investors with a stable monthly dividend stream and capital appreciation potential through the investment in a range portfolio of common shares of selected publicly listed Canadian utility companies. 	Utility Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	0	May 17, 1993
UST.PR.B	nul	Utility Split Trust			--	
UR	UrtheCast Corp. (UrtheCast) is a Canada-based technology company. The Company is engaged in developing Ultra High Definition (HD) video feed of Earth, streamed from space in full color. UrtheCast is focused on the commercialization of high definition near real-time video and images of Earth from space. UrtheCast has built, launched, installed, and operates two cameras on the International Space Station (ISS). Video and still image data captured will be downlinked to ground stations and displayed on the UrtheCast Web platform. UrtheCast's cameras provide Ultra HD video and still imagery of Earth that allows monitoring of the environment, humanitarian relief, social events and agricultural land. The Company also provides engineering and services to customers in the space industry. Earth Video Camera Inc. (EVC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 	UrtheCast Corp	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Broadcasting	100	March 24, 2004
VAB	nul	Vanguard Canadian Aggregate Bond Index ETF			--	
VNR	Valener Inc. (Valener) is a Canada-based energy company focused on the production, transportation, storage and distribution of energy. The Company holds 29% interest in Gaz Metro, which is involved in natural gas distribution in Quebec and Vermont and electricity distribution in Vermont. Valener operates in four segments. Energy distribution, Natural Gas Transportation, Energy production, and Energy Services, storage and Other. Energy Distribution involves natural gas and electricity distribution activities in Vermont. Natural Gas Transportation reflects Gaz Metros interests in three natural gas transportation companies: Trans Quebec & Maritimes Pipeline, Portland Natural Gas Transmission System and Champion Pipe Line Corporation. Energy production includes non-regulated energy production activities related to the wind power projects. Energy Services, storage and Other includes underground natural gas storage activities in Quebec and other non-regulated commercial activities. 	Valener Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	0	June 15, 2010
VLE	Valeura Energy Inc. (Valeura) and its subsidiaries are engaged in the exploration, development and production of petroleum and natural gas in Turkey. The Company holds an interest in 21 exploration licenses and production leases comprising approximately 0.96 million gross acres (0.42 million net acres) primarily in the Thrace Basin (90.5% of net lands) of northwest Turkey and the Anatolian Basin (9.5% of net lands) of southeast Turkey. The Company's assets in the Thrace Basin include a 40% working interest in a natural gas production and marketing business, and an acreage position of approximately 0.81 million gross acres (0.38 million net acres) with both conventional shallow gas exploration potential and exposure. Its assets in the Anatolian Basin include two exploration licenses with oil potential. 	Valeura Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	16	June 7, 2000
VRX	Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical and medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, and marketing a range of branded, generic and branded generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products, and medical devices (contact lenses, intraocular lenses, ophthalmic surgical equipment, and aesthetics devices), which are marketed directly or indirectly in over 100 countries. The Company operates through two segments: developed markets and emerging markets. The Company's developed markets segment consists of sales in the United States of pharmaceutical products, OTC products, and medical device products. The Company's Emerging Markets segment consists of branded generic pharmaceutical products and branded pharmaceuticals, OTC products, and medical device products. 	Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc	Healthcare	Pharmaceuticals - Diversified	16800	August 9, 2013
VCE	nul	Vanguard FTSE Canada Index ETF			--	
VSB	nul	Vanguard Canadian Short-Term Bond Index ETF			--	
VNR.PR.A	nul	Valener Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	--	
VDY	nul	Vanguard FTSE Canadian High Dividend Yield Idx ETF			--	
VCN	nul	Vanguard FTSE Canada All Cap Index ETF			--	
VSC	nul	Vanguard Canadian Short-Term Corporate Bd Idx ETF			--	
VRE	nul	Vanguard FTSE Canadian Capped REIT Index ETF			--	
VEF	nul	Vanguard FTSE Developed All Cap Ex US Index ETF (CAD-hedged)			--	
VA	nul	Vanguard FTSE Developed Asia Pac All Cap Idx ETF			--	
VDU	nul	Vanguard FTSE Developed All Cap Ex US Index ETF			--	
VBG	nul	Vanguard Global ex-US Aggregate Bd Idx ETF Hedged			--	
VE	nul	Vanguard FTSE Developed Europe All Cap Index ETF			--	
VI	nul	Vanguard FTSE Developed All Cap ex North America Index ETF (CAD-he			--	
VFV	nul	Vanguard S&P 500 Index ETF			--	
VEE	nul	Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets All Cap Index ETF			--	
VXC	nul	Vanguard FTSE Global All Cap ex Canada Index ETF			--	
VIU	nul	Vanguard FTSE Developed All Cap ex North America Index ETF			--	
VSP	nul	Vanguard S&P 500 Index ETF(CAD-hedged)			--	
VUS	nul	Vanguard US Total Market Index ETF (CAD-hedged)			--	
VBU	nul	Vanguard USAggrtBd Idx ETF Hgd			--	
VGG	nul	Vanguard US Dividend Appreciation Index ETF			--	
VLN	Velan Inc. is a manufacturer of steel industrial valves. The Company designs, manufactures and markets a range of industrial valves for use in various industries, including power generation, oil and gas, refining and petrochemicals, chemicals, pulp and paper, liquefied natural gas and cryogenics, mining and shipbuilding. Its product lines are grouped into the broad categories of gate, globe, check and quarter-turn valves. The Company's gate, globe and check valves include API 600 cast steel gate, globe, and check valves; stainless-steel gate, globe, and check valves; API 602 small forged gate, globe, and check valves; API 6D/ API 6A through conduit and double expanding gate valves; large forged pressure seal and bolted bonnet gate, globe, and check valves; Y-pattern valves; knife gate valves, and API 6D/ API 6A non slam and swing check valves. Its quarter-turn valves include resilient-seated ball valves, Securaseal metal-seated ball valves, coker ball valves and power ball valves. 	Velan Inc	Industrials	Industrial Machinery & Equipment	2067	February 11, 1977
VGH	nul	Vanguard US Dividend App Index ETF (CAD Hdg)			--	
VCM	Vecima Networks Inc. is a Canada-based company, which designs, manufactures and sells products that enable broadband access to cable, wireless and telephony networks. The Company operates in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Burnaby and Victoria. It has a software development facility in Mangalore, India. Service providers use its solutions to deliver services to a broadband market, including triple play (voice, video and data) and quadruple play (voice, video, data and wireless) services. Its products are directed at two markets: converged wired solutions, including a family of up converter and modulator modules that process data from routers and convert it to higher frequencies for transmission over cable to subscribers, gigabit network edge devices, EdgeQAM modulators and trans modulators, and broadband wireless, including transmitters, receivers and transceivers that process data from routers, switches and modems for the purpose of communication to subscribers over a wireless environment. 	Vecima Networks Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	489	July 1, 2013
VUN	nul	Vanguard US Total Market Index ETF			--	
VEM	Vena Resources Inc. (Vena) is a Canada-based mineral resources company. The principal business reason for the creation of Vena was to acquire and explore mineral properties in Peru. Vena has six properties, namely, Amantina, Azulcocha West, Esquilache, Las Princesas, Omay/Compin and Pukara. The Esquilache 1 Project is located within the Puno District of Peru, approximately 850 kilometers southeast of Lima. The Pukara Project is located within the San Roman District of the Puno Department of Peru, approximately 800 kilometers southeast of Lima. The Compin property consists of a 1,000 hectare mining concession located in the Alto Chicama region of La Libertad Department in northern Peru, approximately 65 kilometers northeast of Trujillo. The Las Princesas property, located in the Department of La Libertad, Peru, consists of two concessions, consisting of a total of approximately 1,050 hectares. 	Vena Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	December 24, 1987
NPK	Verde Potash PLC (Verde Potash) is a mineral exploration and development company with properties in Brazil. The Company's project portfolio includes Cerrado Verde Project (Cerrado Verde Project) and Calcario Limestone Project. The Company is focused on the development of the Cerrado Verde Potash Project. This project is located in Brazil and is held by Verde Potash's subsidiary, Verde Fertilizantes. Verde Fertilizantes Ltda. (Verde Fertilizantes) and FVS Mineracao Ltda. (FVS) together own 100% of the Cerrado Verde Project. The Project is a source of K2O rich rock, a glauconitic meta-argillite. In addition, the Company is also owns Calcario limestone project (Moema and Jaguara limestone deposits), limestone being a raw material in the Company's process to produce both ThermoPotash and KCl. The Calcario limestone project is located approximately 100 kilometers from the Cerrado Verde Potash project in Minas Gerais State, Brazil. 	Verde Potash PLC	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	8	August 14, 2006
VSN.PR.C	nul	Veresen Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
VSN	Veresen Inc. is a Canada-based company, which focuses on managing its pipeline transportation, midstream services, power generation and liquefied natural gas businesses. The Company's pipeline business comprises Alliance Pipeline (50% ownership), Ruby Pipeline (50% convertible preferred ownership) and Alberta Ethane Gathering System (AEGS), which is wholly owned. Alliance owns and manages an integrated, high-pressure natural gas and natural gas liquids pipeline that extends approximately 3,000 kilometers across North America. Ruby is a large-scale natural gas transmission system delivering the United States Rockies natural gas production to markets in the western United States. AEGS is an integrated pipeline system that transports purity ethane from various Alberta ethane extraction plants to petrochemical complexes located near Joffre and Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta. The system also transports ethane to and from third party underground storage in Fort Saskatchewan. 	Veresen Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	224	October 1, 2010
VSN.PR.E	nul	Veresen Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
VSN.PR.A	nul	Veresen Inc	Energy	Oil Related Services & Equipment	--	
VET	Vermilion Energy Inc. (Vermilion) is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas exploitation, development, acquisition and production in Canada, France, Ireland, the Netherlands, Germany, Australia and the United States. It operates in seven business units: Canada, which includes revenues and expenditures related directly to its assets in Alberta and Saskatchewan; France, which relates to its operations in France in the Paris and Aquitaine basins; Netherlands, which relates to its operations in the Netherlands; Germany, which relates to its 25% contractual participation interest in a four-partner consortium in Germany; Ireland, which relates to its 18.5% non-operated interest in the offshore Corrib natural gas field and related infrastructure; Australia, which relates to operations on the Wandoo offshore crude oil field, and United States, which relates to its operations in Wyoming in the Powder River Basin. 	Vermilion Energy Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	516	July 21, 2010
VXS	ViXS Systems Inc. is a fabless semiconductor company. The Company supplies advanced System-on-a-Chip semiconductors, software solutions and hardware reference designs. Its solutions process and convert media to promote the enjoyment of video on a variety of devices. It is engaged in research and development of advanced semiconductor and software technologies to provide product solutions for Multi-Service Operators, Consumer Electronic manufacturers and Cloud/Infrastructure equipment manufacturers. The Company has expanded its offerings to include Multimedia over Coax Alliance (MoCA) home networking market, Ethernet over Coax (EoC) multi dwelling unit market and the cloud video infrastructure market. It has three product lines, which include XCode, addressing its Pay TV and consumer markets; XCodePro, addressing its cloud video infrastructure business for the broadcast/professional markets, and XConnex, targeting the connected home network, including its MoCA and EoC businesses. 	ViXS Systems Inc	Technology	Semiconductors	--	May 26, 2010
IFL.UN	Voya Diversified Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund is a Canada-based fund. 	Voya Diversified Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	February 26, 2013
VFF	Village Farms International, Inc. (Village Farms) is a producer, marketer and distributor of greenhouse-grown tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers in North America. The Company markets and distributes under its Village Farms brand name, primarily to retail supermarkets and fresh food distribution companies throughout the United States and Canada. It operates four distribution centers located across the United States and Canada. The Company owns and operates a total of seven greenhouse facilities in British Columbia and Texas. The products grown by the Company is marketed under various brands, which include Juicy Beefsteak, Baby Beefs, Sinfully Sweet Campari, Heavenly Villagio Marzano, Lip- Smackn' Grapes, Sweet Bells, Scrumptious Mini and eggplant, among others. Its subsidiaries include Village Farms Canada Limited Partnership (VFCLP), Village Farms, L.P. (VFLP) and VF Clean Energy, Inc. (VFCE). 	Village Farms International Inc	Non-Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Fishing & Farming	1300	December 23, 2003
ISL.U	nul	Voya Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
VGZ	Vista Gold Corp. is engaged in the gold mining industry. The Company is focused on the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and advancement of gold exploration and potential development projects, which may lead to gold production or value adding strategic transactions, such as earn-in right agreements, option agreements, leases to third parties, joint venture arrangements with other mining companies, or outright sales of assets for cash and other consideration. The Company operates through mineral exploration segment, consisting of evaluation, acquisition and exploration activities, which are focused principally in Australia and North America. The Company's assets include the Mt Todd gold project in Northern Territory, Australia; the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project in western Mexico; interest in Midas Gold Corp.; non-core projects in Mexico and the United States, and royalty interests in projects in Bolivia and Indonesia. 	Vista Gold Corp			--	June 11, 2013
ISL.UN	Voya Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund, formerly ING Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund is a closed-end fund. The Funds investment objectives are to provide tax-advantaged distributions consisting primarily of returns of capital, preserve capital and generate increased returns in the event that short-term interest rates rise, in each case, through exposure to a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of senior, secured floating rate corporate loans and other senior debt obligations of non-investment grade North American borrowers. Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. is the Funds investment manager. 	Voya Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
VGI.UN	Voya Global Income Solutions Fund is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide monthly cash distributions; preserve capital and provide the opportunity for capital appreciation, and generate increased returns in the event that short-term market interest rates rise and through dividend growth, in each case, through an investment, direct or indirect, in a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of Senior Loans and Global Equities, and actively managed by Voya Investment Management Co. LLC (the sub-advisor). In order to achieve the Fund's investment objectives, the sub-advisor invests in a diversified portfolio composed primarily of secured, senior floating rate loans of non-investment grade North American borrowers and global dividend paying equities, actively managed by the sub-advisor. Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. acts as manager of the Fund. 	Voya Global Income Solutions Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
IHL.UN	Voya High Income Floating Rate Fund, formerly ING High Income Floating Rate Fund is a Canada-based non-redeemable investment fund. The Funds investment objectives are to provide monthly cash distributions; preserve capital, and generate increased returns. The Fund will seek to invest in a diversified portfolio consist primarily of first lien, senior secured floating rate loans (Senior Loans) and second lien secured floating rate loans (Second Lien Loans). The Fund may also invest up to 20% of its total assets in corporate bonds, unsecured loans and notes with fixed and floating interest rates and structured credit notes. The Funds manager is Aston Hill Capital Markets Inc. 	Voya High Income Floating Rate Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	September 26, 2013
WM	Wallbridge Mining Company Limited (Wallbridge) is a Canada-based s an exploration and development company. The Company is focused on operating its small-scale open pit mine and on the acquisition, exploration and discovery of polymetallic mineral deposits, primarily those containing nickel-copper and platinum group metals (PGMs). Wallbridge owns or has interests in mineral exploration properties in Ontario and in British Columbia through its Miocene Resources Limited (Miocene). Its exploration activities are focused in the Sudbury area of Ontario. The Company's Broken Hammer deposit is polymetallic containing copper, platinum, palladium and gold. The Broken Hammer project is an open pit operation. Its other Sudbury projects include Parkin Offset Properties, Wisner Properties Joint Venture, Sudbury Camp Joint Venture, North Range Joint Venture and East Range Properties. 	Wallbridge Mining Co Ltd	Basic Materials	Construction Materials	--	June 3, 1996
WG	Wellgreen Platinum Ltd is a Canada-based mining exploration and development company. The Company is focused on the advancement of its Wellgreen platinum group metal (PGM) and nickel project (Wellgreen project). The Company's Wellgreen project is located in the south west of Canada's Yukon Territory, approximately 317 kilometers NorthWest of the capital, Whitehorse. The Wellgreen project hosts a PGM and nickel deposit. The Company's Shakespeare Ni-Cu-PGM project is located in the Sudbury mining district of Ontario, Canada. The Company's Fox Mountain property is located approximately 50 kilometers north of Thunder Bay, within the Mid-Continent rift of Northwestern Ontario, and consists of approximately 14 unpatented claims covering approximately 3,312 hectares. The Company's Shining Tree Property is located in Fawcett Township, Ontario approximately 210 kilometers by provincial highway north of Sudbury and hosts nickel-copper-PGE sulfide mineralization. 	Wellgreen Platinum Ltd	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	12	April 5, 2006
WJX	Wajax Corporation is a Canada-based distributor engaged in the sale and service support of mobile equipment, power systems and industrial components. The Company has three product divisions, which operate through a network of 123 branches across Canada. Its three core businesses are the distribution, rental, modification and servicing of mobile equipment; the distribution, servicing and assembly of power systems, including heavy-duty engines and transmissions, and the distribution, servicing, engineering, custom design and assembly of industrial components. The Company's customer base covers construction, industrial and commercial, transportation, the oil sands, forestry, oil and gas, metal processing and mining sectors. 	Wajax Corp	Industrials	Construction & Agricultural Machinery	2609	February 3, 2010
WDO	Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd. is a Canada-based gold mining company. The Company is engaged in mining, exploration and development of gold. The Company's properties include Eagle River property, including the Eagle River Mine and the Mishi property, and the Wesdome properties, including the Kiena Mine and the Wesdome deposit. Additionally it owns the Moss Lake deposit. The Eagle River Mine is located 50 kilometers west of Wawa, Ontario, Canada. The mineral properties in the northern group cover the former Magnacon and Mishi properties and include the mill and tailings site for operation. The southern group encompasses the Eagle River Mine property and consists of three renewable mining leases and 443 staked claims covering a combined area of 7,974 hectares. Eagle River Mine produces approximately 3,419,170 tons of ore averaging 9.19 grams of gold per ton. The Mishi open pit yields approximately 27,280 ounces from 290,095 tons at a grade of 2.9 grams of gold per ton. 	Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	221	July 2, 1991
WDO.DB.A	nul	Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	--	
W.PR.K	nul	Westcoast Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	--	
WFT	West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. is a Canada-based integrated wood products company producing lumber, wood chips, LVL, MDF, plywood, pulp and newsprint. The Company has operations in western Canada and the southern United States. The Company's operating segments are Lumber, Panels, and Pulp and Paper. Its Lumber segment includes the shipment and production of spruce/pine/fir (SPF), southern yellow pine (SYP) and Wood chip. The panels segment is comprised of its three plywood operations, two MDF operations and one LVL operation, which are located in western Canada. LVL is used in single-family home construction. The Pulp and Paper segment is comprised of the Company's northern-bleached softwood kraft (NBSK), bleached chemi-thermomechanical pulp (BCTMP) and newsprint businesses. It operates 40 mills across Western Canada, which manufactures products except southern yellow pine lumber, and the southern United States and its southern United States mills produce SYP lumber and wood chips. 	West Fraser Timber Co Ltd	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	8500	April 29, 1954
WRG	Western Energy Services Corp is a Canada-based oilfield service company. The Company is provides contract drilling services, well servicing and oilfield rental equipment services. It provides contract drilling services through its division Horizon Drilling in Canada and its subsidiary Stoneham Drilling Corporation in the United States. It also provides well servicing through its Partnership's division Eagle Well Servicing and provides oilfield rental equipment services through its Partnership's division Aero Rental Services in Canada. The Company's operational segments include contract drilling, production services and corporate. The Contract drilling segment includes drilling rigs along with related equipment. Production services segment includes well servicing rigs and related equipment, as well as oilfield rental equipment. 	Western Energy Services Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	632	March 18, 1996
W.PR.H	Westcoast Energy Inc. (Westcoast) is an integrated natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) company. The Company holds gathering, processing, transmission, storage and distribution assets located in Canada. Westcoast conducts its business through two segments: Transmission & Processing, and Distribution. The Transmission & Processing segment provides transmission of natural gas, natural gas gathering and processing services, and NGLs extraction, fractionation, transportation, storage and marketing to customers in western Canada, the northern tier of the United States and the Maritime Provinces in Canada. The Company's Distribution segment, through its subsidiary, Union Gas Limited, provides retail natural gas distribution service in Ontario, as well as natural gas transmission and storage services to other utilities and energy market participants. The Company is a 100%-owned subsidiary of Spectra Energy Corp (Spectra Energy). 	Westcoast Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	3654	March 11, 2002
W.PR.J	nul	Westcoast Energy Inc	Utilities	Utilities - Natural Gas	--	
WFC	Wall Financial Corporation is a Canada-based real estate investment and development company. The Company's asset base consists of residential apartment properties and hotels located in the Metro Vancouver region of British Columbia. The Company operates in three different segments of the real estate industry: ownership and management of residential and commercial properties, the ownership and management of hotel properties, and the development and sale of residential housing units. The Company owns and manages approximately 947 residential units and around five commercial units in 12 properties in Metro Vancouver. The Company owns and manages around two hotel properties in Metro Vancouver, including the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotel and the Westin Wall Centre Vancouver Airport Hotel. The Company' properties under development include Eagle Mountain, Mandarin Residences, Wall Centre Central Park, Shannon Wall Centre Kerrisdale, Binning Tower and Strathcona Village. 	Wall Financial Corp	Financials	Real Estate Operations	390	January 1969
WRN	Western Copper and Gold Corporation is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in exploration and development of the Casino mineral property located in Yukon, Canada. The Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Casino Mining Corp. are focused on advancing the Casino project towards production. The Casino Project hosts undeveloped copper-gold deposits in Canada. The Company operates through the acquisition, exploration and development of resource properties segment in Canada. The Company's subsidiaries include: Casino Mining Corp., Ravenwolf Resource Group Ltd. and Minera Costa de Plata SA de CV. As of December 31, 2014, the Company has not generated any revenues. 	Western Copper and Gold Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	March 17, 2006
WEF	Western Forest Products Inc. (WFP) is a Canada-based softwood forest products company, operating in the coastal region of British Columbia. The Company's primary business includes timber harvesting, reforestation, forest management, sawmilling logs into lumber, wood chips and lumber remanufacturing. WFP's lumber products are currently sold in over 25 countries worldwide. The principal wholly owned operating subsidiaries of the Company are Western Lumber Sales Limited (which sells into the United States), Western Forest Products Japan Ltd. (which sells into Japan), and WFP Quatsino Navigation Limited (the beneficial owner of a number of the Company's non-core assets). 	Western Forest Products Inc	Basic Materials	Forest & Wood Products	2230	March 1, 2007
WJA	WestJet Airlines Ltd. is a Canada-based company engaged in the provision of airline service and travel packages. The Company offers scheduled service to approximately 93 destinations in North America, Central America, the Caribbean and Europe. The Company has a fleet of approximately 122 aircraft. It has approximately 44 Boeing 737 aircraft under operating leases. The Company's subsidiaries include WestJet Investment Corp. (WIC), WestJet Operations Corp. (WOC), WestJet Vacations Inc. (WVI), WestJet Encore Ltd. (Encore). 	WestJet Airlines Ltd	Industrials	Airlines	9211	June 27, 1994
WEQ	WesternOne Inc. focuses on businesses in the construction and infrastructure services sectors. The Company's segments include heat services and aerial equipment (WIS), and modular building construction and rentals (Britco). WIS operates under the brand, WesternOne Infrastructure Services and provides heat and related services to the construction, infrastructure and oil and gas sectors, and aerial equipment for construction, television, and movie production. Britco provides temporary and permanent residential and commercial modular buildings and offers design-build capabilities for a range of customers in the infrastructure, construction, energy and resource sectors. Britco has four modular construction facilities: three locations in British Columbia and Alberta in Canada and one location in Texas, United States. 	WesternOne Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	January 1, 2013
WEQ.DB.C	nul	WesternOne Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	
WEQ.DB	nul	WesternOne Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	--	
WLC	Western Lithium USA Corporation (Western Lithium) is a Canada-based resource company focused on the development of its lithium and hectorite clay deposit at its Kings Valley Property (the Kings Valley Project) located in northwestern Nevada. The Kings Valley Project consists of an area of approximately 15,233 hectares within Humboldt County, Nevada, that is approximately 100 kilometers north-northwest of Winnemucca and 40 kilometers west-northwest of Orovada, Nevada. In addition, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary Hectatone Inc. (Hectatone) has commissioned its organoclay manufacturing plant located in Fernley, Nevada. Hectatone manufactures specialty organoclay products, derived from the Company's hectorite clay and other clays. Hectatone products are used by the oil and gas industry as specialty viscosifier additives for drilling fluids. The Company operates in the United States through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Western Lithium Corporation and Hectatone Inc. 	Western Lithium USA Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	15	November 27, 2007
WCP	Whitecap Resources Inc. is engaged in the exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids in Western Canada. The Companys activities are concentrated primarily in Northwest Central Alberta and Southwest Saskatchewan. In May 2014, the Company acquired certain strategic light oil assets focused primarily in Whitecap's Pembina Cardium / West Central core area, as well as at Boundary Lake in northeast B.C.Concurrent disposition of certain Nisku natural gas production and related facilities located in the Pembina area to Keyera Corp. 	Whitecap Resources Inc	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	99	April 30, 2013
WLC.WT	nulnul	nul	nul	nul	nul	nul
WPT	Westport Innovations Inc. is a provider of engine and fuel system technologies utilizing gaseous fuels. The Company operates through six segments: Westport Applied Technologies Business Unit, Westport On-Road Systems Business Unit, Westport Off-Road Systems Business Unit, Corporate and Technology Investments Business Unit, Cummins Westport Inc and Weichai Westport Inc. Westport Applied Technologies Business Unit designs, produces, and sells compressed natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas components and subsystems for natural gas vehicles. Westport On-Road Systems Business Unit engineers, designs, assemble and sell natural gas engine and vehicle systems. Westport Off-Road Systems Business Unit engineers, designs, and markets the Company's natural gas technologies. Cummins Westport serves the medium- to heavy-duty engine markets with spark ignited natural gas engines. Weichai Westport develops, manufactures, and sells advanced, alternative fuel engines and parts. 	Westport Innovations Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Auto / Truck / Motorcycle Parts	799	March 20, 1995
WIN	Wi-LAN Inc. (WiLAN) is an intellectual property licensing company. The Company develops, acquires, licenses and enforces a range of patented technologies which are utilized in products in the communications and consumer electronics markets. The Company also manages intellectual property and licenses the patented technologies to corporations. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, WiLAN Labs, develops technologies related to 4G broadband wireless networks. These solutions optimize the deployment of mobile networks at a time when demand for bandwidth-intensive multimedia data traffic is high. The Company generates revenue by licensing its patents to companies that sell products utilizing technologies, including Wi-Fi, WiMAX, Long-Term Evolution (LTE), Code division multiple access (CDMA), Digital Subscriber Line (DSL), Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification (DOCSIS), Bluetooth and V-Chip. 	Wi-LAN Inc	Technology	Communications Equipment	47	October 1, 2009
WB	Whistler Blackcomb Holdings Inc. owns an interest in each of Whistler Mountain Resort Limited Partnership and Blackcomb Skiing Enterprises Limited Partnership, which, together, carry on the four season mountain resort business, Whistler Blackcomb. The Company operates through the Resort segment, which comprises the four season mountain resort operations and related ancillary activities. Its Whistler Blackcomb features two adjacent and integrated mountains, Whistler Mountain and Blackcomb Mountain, with over 200 marked runs, and approximately 8,170 acres of skiable terrain, over 10 alpine bowls and three glaciers. Its Whistler Blackcomb offers various activities, including Whistler Heli-Skiing, Coca-Cola Tube Park, Fresh Tracks Mountain Top Breakfast, Ziptrek Ecotours, PEAK 2 PEAK Gondola, Mountain Top Fondue Snowcat Tour, Magic Castle and Tree Fort, Coast Mountain Photography and Nintendo Gaming Lounges. 	Whistler Blackcomb Holdings Inc	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Leisure & Recreation	500	October 4, 2010
WCM.A	Wilmington Capital Management Inc. is an investment and asset management company focused on investments in the real estate and energy sectors. The Company invests its own capital alongside partners and co-investors, in hard assets and private equity funds and manages these assets through operating platforms. It holds a 41% interest in the Real Storage Private Trust, which owns and operates 20 self- storage facilities in British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario; a 50% interest in Network Capital Management Inc. (NCI), which is focused on private equity to invest in energy, energy services and special situations; a 35.8% interest in a private equity fund administered by NCI (the Network 2012 Fund); a 59% interest in Shackleton 2011 Limited Partnership, which wholly owns and operates a natural gas field in Saskatchewan, and a 38.6% interest in Northpoint Resources Ltd., a natural gas producer with assets in the Altares region of Northeastern British Columbia. 	Wilmington Capital Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	5	May 13, 1996
WTE	Westshore Terminals Investment Corporation is a Canada-based company, which owns all of the limited partnership units of Westshore Terminals Limited Partnership (Westshore), which is a limited partnership. Westshore operates a coal storage and loading terminal at Roberts Bank, British Columbia (the Terminal). Westshore handles coal from mines in British Columbia and Alberta, as well as from mines in the north-western United States. Its coal is delivered to the Terminal in unit trains operated by the Canadian Pacific, Canadian National (CN) and Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF) railways and is then unloaded and either directly transferred onto a ship or stockpiled for future ship loading. The coal is loaded onto ships that are destined for approximately 20 countries across the world, with most of the volumes shipped to Asia. Westar Management Ltd. (the Manager) provides management services to Westshore and administrative services to the Company. 	Westshore Terminals Investment Corp	Energy	Coal	240	September 28, 2010
WCM.B	Wilmington Capital Management Inc. is an investment and asset management company focused on investments in the real estate and energy sectors. The Company invests its own capital alongside partners and co-investors, in hard assets and private equity funds and manages these assets through operating platforms. It holds a 41% interest in the Real Storage Private Trust, which owns and operates 20 self- storage facilities in British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario; a 50% interest in Network Capital Management Inc. (NCI), which is focused on private equity to invest in energy, energy services and special situations; a 35.8% interest in a private equity fund administered by NCI (the Network 2012 Fund); a 59% interest in Shackleton 2011 Limited Partnership, which wholly owns and operates a natural gas field in Saskatchewan, and a 38.6% interest in Northpoint Resources Ltd., a natural gas producer with assets in the Altares region of Northeastern British Columbia. 	Wilmington Capital Management Inc	Financials	Investment Services	5	May 13, 1996
WPX	Western Potash Corp. is a Canada-based development-stage potash company. The Company is engaged in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of potash mineral properties. The Company's segment is being the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. It owns or holds, directly or indirectly, interests in Milestone Project, a potash property. Its Milestone Project is located in southern Saskatchewan, approximately 35 kilometers southeast of Regina. The Milestone project holds approximately 87,530 acres of Crown mineral lands in Townships 13 through 15 and Ranges 17 through 19 West of the Second Meridian. Its subsidiaries include 0907414 B.C. Ltd. and Milestone Potash Corp. 	Western Potash Corp	Basic Materials	Chemicals - Agricultural	--	April 5, 2007
WIR.U	WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust (the REIT) is a Canada-based open-ended real estate investment trust. The REIT is engaged in the business of acquiring and owning industrial investment properties located in the United States. It is focused on owning and operating a portfolio of institutional-quality properties in the distribution sub-segment of the United States industrial market. The REIT's portfolio is concentrated in the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. It owns a portfolio of investment properties consisting of approximately 12,770,313 square feet of gross leasable area (GLA), consisting of around 40 industrial investment properties and two office investment properties, located in around 12 states in the United States. It also owns a portfolio of investment properties consisting of around 8,617,313 square feet of GLA, including around 35 industrial investment properties and two office investment properties. 	WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment Trust	Financials	REIT - Residential & Commercial	15	March 4, 2013
WFS.PR.A	nul	World Financial Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
WSP	WSP Global Inc. (WSP) is a Canada-based professional services firm. The Company works with Governments, businesses, architects and planners and provides solutions across various disciplines. The Company provides services, such as transforming the built environment and restoring the natural environment; environmental remediation and urban planning; engineering iconic buildings and designing transport networks, and developing the energy sources. It has operations across 39 countries in around five continents. It operates in five segments: Canada, the US, the UK, Europe and Rest of World (RoW). Its focus of market sectors includes buildings, infrastructure (including transportation and municipal infrastructure), industrial and energy (including mining, oil and gas), and environment. It provides professional and delivery services on buildings in sectors, such as commercial, healthcare, education, cultural centers, sports and leisure facilities, and urban regeneration schemes. 	WSP Global Inc	Industrials	Engineering & Construction	32500	
WFS	World Financial Split Corp. (the Fund) is a Canada-based split share corporation. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide holders of Preferred shares with fixed cumulative preferential quarterly cash distributions in the amount of $0.131250 per Preferred share representing a yield on the issue price of the Preferred shares of 5.25% per annum, provide holders of Class A shares with regular quarterly cash distributions targeted to be 8.0% per annum, and return the original issue price to holders of both Preferred shares and Class A shares at the time of redemption of such shares on the termination date. The Fund invests in a portfolio which includes common equity securities selected from various financial services companies in each of Canada, the United States and the rest of the world. Strathbridge Asset Management Inc. (Strathbridge), as the investment manager of the Fund, manages the Fund's investment portfolio. 	World Financial Split Corp	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	December 5, 2003
WPK	Winpak Ltd. is engaged in the manufacture and sale of packaging materials and the production of packaging machines. The Company's products are categorized under three groups: flexible packaging, rigid packaging and flexible lidding materials, and packaging machinery. Winpak manufactures coextruded blown and cast films. It provides shrink bags, and flexographic and rotogravure printed laminations, and vacuum, stand-up and zipper closure pouches. It also offers converting services, such as printing, laminating, pouch and bag making, and precision slitting. It manufactures rigid plastic packaging products. It offers portion-controlled and single-serve thermoformed rigid plastic containers and sheet material and rigid containers. It is also engaged in the development and production of heat-sealable lidding products. The Company provides flexible lidding packaging. It provides a range of foil, film and paper material combinations for plastic or metal containers. 	Winpak Ltd	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	2283	January 1, 2005
XTG	Xtra-Gold Resources Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration of gold properties exclusively in Ghana, West Africa in the search for mineral deposits and mineral reserves. The Company's exploration activities include the review of existing data, grid establishment, geological mapping, geophysical surveying, trenching and pitting to test the areas of anomalous soil samples and reverse circulation and diamond drilling to test targets followed by infill drilling, if successful, to define a mineral reserve. The Company operates through the exploration and development of resource properties segment. The Company's projects include Kibi project, Kwabeng project, Pameng project, Banso project and Muoso project. 	Xtra-Gold Resources Corp	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	0	September 1, 1998
XDC	Xtreme Drilling and Coil Services Corp. (Xtreme) designs, builds and operates a fleet of drilling rigs and coiled tubing well service units. The Company operates its XDR drilling rigs and XSR coiled tubing units under contracts with oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and integrated oilfield service providers in North America and Asia. Xtreme operates in business segments: Drilling Services, Coil Services and Corporate and Other. The Drilling Services segment operates a fleet of drilling rigs contracted with oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and oilfield service providers. The Coil Services segment's coiled tubing well service units target primarily post fracture treatment cleanouts, re-entry, and horizontal drilling. 	Xtreme Drilling and Coil Services Corp	Energy	Oil & Gas Drilling	338	May 1, 2006
YP.UN	YIELDPLUS Income Fund (the Fund) is a closed-end investment trust. The Fund's investment objectives are to pay monthly distributions to unitholders, and to enhance long-term total return through capital appreciation of the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio that consists primarily of high yielding equity securities of issuers operating in various industries and geographic regions. The Fund's investment portfolio includes sectors, such as real estate, energy, financials, pipelines, utilities, industrials, metals and mining, technology, materials and consumer discretionary. Middlefield Limited is the trustee and manager of the Fund. Middlefield Capital Corporation (MCC) and Guardian Capital LP are the co-advisors of the Fund. 	YIELDPLUS Income Fund	Financials	Investment Trusts	--	
YRI	Yamana Gold Inc. is a Canada-based gold producer. The Company is engaged in gold mining and related activities, including exploration, extraction, processing and reclamation. The Company's production mines include Chapada, Brazil; El Penon, Chile; Canadian Malartic, Canada; Mercedes, Mexico; Gualcamayo, Argentina; Jacobina, Brazil; Minera Florida, Chile, and Other Producing Mines. Its development properties include Cerro Moro, Agua Rica and Suyai in Argentina. The Company has a total gold proven and probable mineral resource of around 18.750 million tons at Alumbrera, 126.95 million tons at Canadian Malartic, 509.15 million tons at Chapada, 1.96 million tons at Cerro Morro, 10.41 million tons at El Penon, 29.16 million tons at Gualcamayo, 22.85 million tons at Jacobina, 8.68 million tons at Jeronimo, 4.01 million tons at Mercedes, 7.89 million tons at Minera Florida, 24.03 million tons at C1-Santa Luz, 2.05 million tons at Fazenda Brasileiro and 10.58 million tons at Pilar. 	Yamana Gold Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	4513	February 7, 1995
YPG.DB	nul	Yellow Pages Digital & Media Solutions Ltd			--	
YMI	Yellowhead Mining Inc. (Yellowhead) is a Canada-based development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties with its focus on the development of the Project, which is located in the Thompson-Nicola area of British Columbia, Canada. The property is located 15 kilometers east of the community of Clearwater and adjacent to the Yellowhead Highway, the Canadian National Railways' transcontinental mainline and 12 kilometers from the BC Hydro power substation in the town of Vavenby. The Project is 100% owned by the Company and is a copper-gold-silver deposit located approximately 150 kilometers by road north-northeast of the city of Kamloops near the town of Vavenby, B.C. The Project consists of 131 mineral tenures covering 42,636 hectares. 	Yellowhead Mining Inc	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	3	August 23, 2005
Y.WT	nul	Yellow Pages Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	--	
Y	Yellow Pages Limited (YP), formerly Yellow Media Limited, is a Canada-based digital and print media company. YP offers small-and-medium sized businesses (SMEs) access to a range of digital and traditional marketing solutions, which include products, such as online and mobile priority placement on the Company's owned and operated media, search engine solutions, Website fulfillment, social media campaign management, digital display advertising, video production and print advertising. Through its Mediative division, the Company also provides national-scale businesses with customizable digital marketing and performance media services. YP's content reaches Canadian audiences via a range of digital and print media, which include YP.ca, C411, RedFlagDeals.com, 411.ca, Bookenda.com and dine.TO desktop Websites, the YP, YP Shopwise, RedFlagDeals, and C411 and 411.ca mobile search applications, as well as the Yellow Pages print directories. 	Yellow Pages Ltd	Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services	Media Diversified	2900	December 31, 2014
YGR	Yangarra Resources Ltd. is a junior oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and production of natural gas and oil in the Central Alberta, Medicine Hat and Jaslan areas of Alberta. It owned approximately 97,460 gross (87,491 net) acres of undeveloped land. The Company drilled 29 gross (19.4 net) wells in 2014, including a Duvernay horizontal well. The Company drilled three Cardium wells by drilling a Duvernay well in the South Block, and participated in four non-operated wells. The Company holds working interests ranging from 10.78125% to 100% in various sections in the Central Alberta area. It owns a 100% working interest in a total of 75 sections of land located 25 miles southwest of the city of Medicine Hat, Alberta. It owns a 100% working interest in the Jaslan Area. 	Yangarra Resources Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	19	November 9, 2005
YRB.A	Yorbeau Resources Inc. is a Canada-based company involved in the exploration of mineral properties in the Province of Quebec and in Algeria. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Rouyn property which is located in the Rouyn and Beauchastel Townships, Quebec. The Rouyn property is composed of one mining concession and a group of 94 mining claims. The Company owns an 80% interest in 149 staked mining claims. The Company's Beschefer property includes 115 map designated claims. The Company owns a 100% interest in 50 of these claims and an 80% interest in the remaining 65 claims. It also owns the Ellison property. The Company has four Algerian properties: In Ouzzal North, Tan Chaffao West, Tirek North and Tan Chaffao East. It also has six Quebec properties: Gemini, Turgeon, Kistabiche, Bonfortel, Poirier and Allard. 	Yorbeau Resources Inc	Basic Materials	Precious Metals & Minerals	2	March 3, 1995
ZAR	Zargon Oil & Gas Ltd. is a Canada-based oil and natural gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas in Canada and the United States. The Company has operations in Western Canadian and Williston sedimentary basins. The Company's approximately 91% of combined petroleum and natural gas revenue came from Western Canadian (Alberta and Saskatchewan) properties and 9% of revenue generated in the United States (North Dakota). 	Zargon Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	35	January 1, 2011
ZAZ	Zazu Metals Corporation is a Canada-based company engaged in the exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company is focused on acquiring an interest in a zinc, lead and silver exploration property, known as the LIK property, located in Alaska. The Company holds a 50% operating interest in the LIK property (the other 50% interest is held by a subsidiary of Teck Resources, Ltd. (Teck)) with the right to earn an additional 30% through spending commitments. The LIK property comprises a contiguous group of State mining claims covering 2,225 hectare in northern Alaska. 	Zazu Metals Corp	Basic Materials	Mining & Metals - Specialty	--	November 29, 2006
ZCL	ZCL Composites Inc. (ZCL) is a manufacturer and supplier of environmentally friendly fiberglass reinforced plastic (FRP) underground storage tanks. The Company operates in two segments: Underground Fluid Containment and Aboveground Fluid Containment. It has three product groups, Petroleum Products, Water Products and Corrosion Products. It provides of underground fuel storage tanks for the downstream retail and commercial markets, midstream petroleum tanks for pipelines, and upstream petroleum tanks for the oil and gas exploration and production markets. It provides underground FRP storage tanks for onsite wastewater treatment systems, fire protection systems and potable water storage, among others. It manufactures fiberglass tanks, piping and related products and accessories for industrial projects. It manufactures and installs FRP and dual-laminate composite products for use in the power generation, chemical, chloralkali, pulp and paper, mining, and Oil Sands industries. 	ZCL Composites Inc	Basic Materials	Containers & Packaging	819	April 1, 2005
ZAR.DB	nul	Zargon Oil & Gas Ltd	Energy	Oil & Gas Exploration & Production	--	
